This is not the first time that a train has derailed at the station.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We announced about the camps through public address system and assigned an autorickshaw to drive us around the residences to inform about the camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BIJNOR: A major accident was averted at Bijnor station on Sunday at around 4:30 am when four coaches of a goods train derailed form track during shunting.	SURPRISE	0.6
BHUBANESWAR: Capital Bhubaneswar continued to be the hottest place in the state for the second consecutive day on Monday while the whole state reeled under searing heat.	SURPRISE	1.0
The office was destroyed in the fire and it is suspected that many files and documents were also gutted.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The tourists had reportedly gone skiing despite an avalanche warning being issued by the state disaster management authority on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
I could hear villagers wailing in their homes near the site of the accident," Tacio said by phone.	SADNESS	1.0
One train was cancelled while some were rescheduled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Jamalpur: 063444-3101	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At 42.6 degrees celsius, Chandigarh, the common capital of the two states, was hotter by five notches against normal.	SURPRISE	1.0
Teams of rescuers from National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), rushed from Guwahati, were engaged in clearing the debris and looking for survivors trapped under heaps of rubble.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Rescue volunteers dig out nearly 40 vehicles from snow in freezing cold.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
"Thursday is expected to remain cloudy with maximum temperature likely to hover around 40 to 42 degrees," IMD scientist Kuldeep Singh told IANS.	OPTIMISM	0.9
He had will power to survive and was lucky too.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We are also sending teams to Darjeeling and Kalimpong (in West Bengal)," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some 200 employees of state electricity utility Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN) and family members had gathered at the Tanjung Lesung beach for an end-of-year party when the tsunami struck on Saturday night.	SURPRISE	0.9
"Therefore, the decision was taken to stop running of EMU trains on main lines on the Chennai Egmore – Tambaram section till the identification of requirements for additional safety margins and their resolution.	OPTIMISM	0.3
In West, as cold wave gripped Vidarbha region of Maharashtra, temperatures in Nagpur dropped to a chilling five degree Celsius, the lowest recorded in 45 years.	SURPRISE	1.0
The track is very old and week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In one week (August 8-15), Kerala received more than 3.5 times its normal rainfall.	SURPRISE	0.4
At Lombok's airport, dozens of tourists slept on the floor as they waited for flights off the island.	SADNESS	1.0
There are 20-25 mosques in the taluka.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Records showed it was the seventh fatal crash since she took oath under UPA-II last May.	SURPRISE	0.4
Youngsters could be seen helping women and the elderly cross the waters by lifting them.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The CPI(M)-led LDF government in the state said foreign aid should be accepted, even as there were reports that the Centre was unlikely to accept the same.	SURPRISE	0.3
Some 1,459 people were injured with another 128 missing, disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said, giving an updated toll late Monday.	SADNESS	1.0
PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned of possible heatwave conditions in roughly 25% of places in Madhya Maharashtra, which has 11 locations including Pune, on May 3 and 4.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The Venezuelan Seismological Research Foundation (Funvisis) said the quake occurred on Tuesday evening at 5:31 pm, with the epicentre located 19 km southeast of the town of Yaguaraparo, in Sucre state, Xinhua news agency reported.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Video shot sometime Monday by a soldier showed rescuers shouting "Thank God" as a man was pulled from a space under the mosque's flattened roof and staggered away from the ruins supported by soldiers.	JOY	1.0
Agriculture crops in over 40,000 hectares have been destroyed, they said.	SADNESS	0.6
The southern state is facing its worst flood in 100 years with 80 dams opened and all rivers in spate.	SADNESS	0.8
Gurdwaras across the impacted east coast of US and parts of Canada are reaching out to people in distress, providing food, organizing langars and impromptu help camps.	JOY	0.8
People were watching Dussehra celebrations from railway tracks, they need to be more alert," railway board chairman Ashwani Lohani said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The US Geological Survey says the earthquake was centered about 7 miles (12 kilometers) north of Alaska's largest city.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though the mercury is rising across the country, weather stations in Maharashtra have recorded unusually high temperatures.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the Palghar incident, the fire broke out in the first floor godown of a three-storey residential-cum-commercial building.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The minister has ordered RTC officials to conduct an inquiry into the matter to ensure that such incidents do not occur again.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The latest India Meteorological Department (IMD) report said cyclone 'Titli made the landfall between 4.30 and 5.30 am in south-west coast of Gopalpur near Palasa in Andhra Pradesh with an estimated maximum sustained surface wind speed of 140-150 kmph gusting to 165 kmph.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
PUNE : Day temperatures have breached the 40°C-mark at almost half the locations in the state.	SURPRISE	1.0
JAMMU: An Army Captain lost his life after an avalanche struck a patrol party at Siachen Glacier in Jammu and Kashmir’s Ladakh sector, even as 15 fellow soldiers were rescued.	SADNESS	1.0
As a cyclonic storm threatened to hit the south Odisha coast around midnight on Thursday, Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik asked officials in five coastal districts to ensure “zero casualty” and “keep adequate relief material”.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Shockingly, a relief train departed from Roza station also derailed near the railway yard.	SURPRISE	0.3
Six fire engines and water tankers were rushed to the spot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As the firestarted during the day time , most of the residents had left for work, those who stayed back were engaged in cooking food.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The IMD has advised fishermen against venturing into deep sea in north-west and west-central Bay of Bengal as the waters are expected to remain choppy.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Two of them have been rescued, while efforts are on to save the other three, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The chief minister asked officials of the coastal districts to be alert and prepared.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
200 people were shifted to relief camps in Thamarassery taluk after landslips occurred on August 9	SADNESS	0.6
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
An uprooted tree damaged a pastor's bungalow in south Mizoram's Serkawn village, the headquarters of the Baptist Church of Mizoram.	SURPRISE	0.9
In Rajasthan too, Cold and fog conditions continued unabated in desert state of Rajasthan with as many as 16 trains running behind schedule.	SADNESS	0.8
All contributions towards this fund are exempt from income tax under section 80(G).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We have restored power in 60% of the urban localities and 40% of rural areas.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The incident, which happened on a single line track, led to the cancellation of Secunderabad-CST Mumbai Devagiri Express and partial cancellation of six other trains, the officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Since that evening, the upper reaches received fresh snow, triggering multiple avalanches in north Kashmir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though a search and rescue operation by the police, Army, SDRF and Mountain Rescue teams was initiated, it was being hampered by bad weather.	SURPRISE	0.5
He said that he doesn’t know how many people who have donated are Malayalis.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
State capital Jaipur got a little respite on Sunday as the sun shone brightly after the night temperature dipped to a minimum of 6 degrees.	OPTIMISM	0.5
He also said it was not possible yet to send out storm alerts at least a month in advance, as demanded by the fishermen's community.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A team of 40 BSF personnel has fanned out in Kerala's Thrissur district for post-disaster rescue and sanitisation operations even as the force has rescued over 500 people from the flood-affected areas till now, a senior official today said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Meanwhile, from Thanjavur, the Indian Institute of Food Processing Technology (IIFPT) will be sending 30 tonnes of relief materials including rice, cookies, water bottles etc., to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Nahar Singh, a technical officer of the railways in charge of power lines in the area said, “It appears the cable snapped because of a lightning strike.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Apart of truckers and tourists, several personnel of General Reserve Engineer Force (GREF) were also reportedly stranded at various places, an official said.	SURPRISE	0.9
As the snowfall stopped, hundreds thronged the Mall road to enjoy the weather.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The tragedy took place at the Joda Fatak area where a large crowd had gathered to watch the fireworks.	SURPRISE	1.0
Sube Singh was talking to someone on the phone sitting inside his car with the AC on in front of his office in Garhi, when the vehicle caught fire.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The fire started in the compressor shed of the hydrocracker plant around 2:45 pm.	SURPRISE	1.0
The incident happened at around 4.10 am while the empty train was moving back.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While one man died in the Palghar blaze, seven residents of the 16-storey Royal Park building in Kanjurmarg were admitted to hospital for smoke inhalation after the meter box caught fire.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
SRINAGAR: A 30-year-old Russian skier was killed and four others rescued after an avalanche struck a ski resort in Gulmarg, the popular tourist destination in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district on Friday.	SADNESS	1.0
In New Delhi, Delhi Metro trains were halted briefly but services were not disrupted, said a Delhi Metro official.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Hindu families returned two days ago as water receded from their submerged homes, Usman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, it has brought down such casualties to a large extent by ensuring proper adaptation of the personnel to the conditions and through extensive scientific research by DRDO to improve living conditions of jawans there.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The central government was in contact with state governors to coordinate monitoring efforts, the minister added.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The donations were later handed over to the Tiruvallur collectorate and the district administration is co-ordinating with the Kerala government to send the relief material.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gujarat Chief minister Vijay Rupani directed the district collector to take the services of the NDRF to evacuate the trapped people, a government official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While Agra recorded maximum temperature of 13.2 degrees Celsius, 9 degrees below normal, Bareilly recorded maximum temperature of 15.5 degrees, 7 degrees below normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On September 8, at least thrice the couplings of Shivanganga Express detached between Allahabad’s Jhusi station to Gyanpur and Ahimanpur stations	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BAREILLY: Rocked by three derailments in Bareilly division within 12 hours, Railways suspended four supervisors in its engineering section and ordered a probe.	DISGUST	0.3
A duststorm and thunderstorm, which was supposed to sooth the evening in Delhi, was also averted as the cyclonic circulation over the central Uttar Pradesh was confined to northern Madhya Pradesh and could not make it to the National Capital Region.	SADNESS	1.0
Principal S Arulmozhi said, “We roped in the schoolteachers and students as volunteers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On December 26, 2004 the world's deadliest tsunami killed over 230,000 people in 14 different countries, mostly in Indonesia.	SADNESS	0.9
Packed house boats and rafts moving through inundated roads could be seen in all the flood-hit regions of the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Indian community in the UAE, numbering 2.6 million, constitutes 30 per cent of the total population.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some roads in the district have been cleared and opened.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"I went running this morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sixteen people, ten men and six women, suffered from suffocation due to the smoke.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
2005: A series of strong quakes hit the western coast of Sumatra in late March and early April.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Around 4.50 am, the driver spotted the truck smashing through the level crossing boom and reaching the tracks.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
The main threat while conducting rescue operation was risk of another avalanche.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Long queues of motorists were seen at several fuel stations in Thiruvananthapuram district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Tomorrow, we are expecting heavy rainfall in only 1-2 districts and remaining places of the state will only witness moderate rainfall.	SURPRISE	0.4
Teams of railway staff and police are already on the location and it could take about a day or two to repair the tracks and restore services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He was unconscious.	SADNESS	0.9
"WASHED AWAY"	SURPRISE	1.0
In 2004 a tsunami triggered by a magnitude 9.3 undersea earthquake off the coast of Sumatra in western Indonesia killed 220,000 people in countries around the Indian Ocean, including 168,000 in Indonesia.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Some places may get light to medium showers," it said.	JOY	1.0
There were a few days in August where all the rain-gauge stations reported more than 100mm rainfall in the district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"My thoughts are with the bereaved families in this hour of grief.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
He said the southern state received 170 per cent more precipitation than its normal from August 1 to August 17.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Bathinda GRP police station SHO Harjinder Singh said, "We record every death on the tracks on all sections passing from Bathinda.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I have instructed the L&amp;T to further improve the safety measures to prevent such incidents in future," Reddy said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Power supply has been restored in the affected areas except in some parts of Senapati and Tamenglong districts.	OPTIMISM	0.6
His trawler was hit by the cyclone when they were fishing on Tuesday, after sailing from Diamond Harbour on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Captain Kumar, from 3 Ladakh Scouts, was unmarried.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
200 people were shifted to relief camps in Thamarassery taluk after landslips occurred on August 9	SADNESS	0.6
The city recorded a high of 39.6 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rain abates in flood-hit Kerala, focus now on rehabilitation: Key developmentsThe IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.	JOY	0.3
"In the final seconds I almost ran out of breath," he said, adding he survived by clinging to part of the collapsed stage.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
According to IMD, Wednesday's maximum temperatures were markedly above average (above 5 degrees Celsius) at many parts of Uttrakhand and at some parts of Himachal Pradesh and appreciably above normal (3.1 to 5 degrees Celsius) at most parts of Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi; and at many parts of Punjab, some parts of Rajasthan, few pockets of Jammu and Kashmir and central Maharashtra and at most parts of Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh, sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim, Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha, at some parts of Uttar Pradesh and Kerala, at one or two pockets of Assam and Meghalaya, Gangetic West Bengal and Marathwada.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We received the alert an hour after the fire broke out.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Kochi naval airbase has started getting ATR flights of Air India subsidiary Alliance Air, Jet Airways and IndiGo.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	0.8
However, we are monitoring the situation as well as the weather conditions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gas cutters were brought from a local factory to rip through the mangled mass of steel and reach the injured.	SURPRISE	1.0
CHANDIGARH: Heatwave sweeping most parts of Haryana and Punjab for the past few days continued unabated on Wednesday, with Hisar once again sizzling at 45.1 degrees celsius.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The highest temperature was recorded at 43.8 degrees Celsius in Jaisalmer followed by Sriganganagar, which registered a maximum of 43 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Kochi airport is shut with rain water flooding the runways.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Monday, an MBA student from Saranathan College of Engineering A K Shruthi, along with her father Krishnakumar, met Trichy district collector K Rajamani and handed over Rs 80,074 as donation for people in Kerala.	JOY	0.5
Muhamad Juanda, who narrowly escaped, said 100 people were inside praying when the earth began to roll.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Unsung heroes bring smiles to stranded in rain-ravaged KeralaBraving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.7
At Lombok's airport, dozens of tourists slept on the floor as they waited for flights off the island.	SADNESS	1.0
With heat wave condition showing no sign of relief, the government meanwhile, also directed to treat possible sunstroke patient on emergency basis.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Similar conditions are expected to continue to till the second week of June.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We were sleeping when the train derailed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On August 19, in another horrific derailment, Kalinga Express jumped tracks in Khatauli near Muzaffarnagar.	SURPRISE	0.4
Heavy monsoon rain triggered flood in Lunglei and Aizawl district of Mizoram.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He said the mob assaulted the train driver and made several staff of Dhamara Ghat hostage for a few hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
According to weather analysts, next respite from excessive heat is likely only towards the end of May.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Day before yesterday, there was heavy rainfall in almost all districts of Kerala.	SADNESS	0.7
Resident Antony Kwok in the fishing village of Tai O said flood shields and ladders had been set up to protect those who live in the area's stilt houses as waters began to rise, in a post on Facebook Live.	SURPRISE	0.9
A forensic team and officials from power discom BSES visited the camp to ascertain the cause of the fire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“A passenger train was cancelled while three others were affected following the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However he said total number of allegations of sunstroke deaths recorded by their office this summer stood 35 spread over 16 districts.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Winds packing speed up to 60 kmph are likely in Pathanamthitta, Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha, Kottayam, Idukki, Ernakulam, Thrissur, Palakkad, Malappuram, Kozhikode and Wayanad districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources also attribute increase in cases of accidents to mushrooming of shanties and colonies along the railway tracks.	SURPRISE	0.4
Muhammad Bintang, who was at Carita beach when the wave hit, described a sudden surge of water that plunged the tourist spot into darkness.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"I saw the light of the Uttar Banga engine grow bigger incredibly fast.	SURPRISE	0.3
Senior officials of National Disaster Management Authority have been supervising the supply of relief materials being sent through Railways to Nepal, an official release said tonight.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The weather is likely to remain dry in Uttar Pradesh, with Kanpur registering as the hottest place in the state at 44.8 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Saturday, the first time such action was taken in the city, the South China Morning Post reported.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
The National Crisis Management Committee met in Delhi and took stock of the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire and is regularly hit by earthquakes.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Kochi airport remains under water and has now been closed till August 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The blizzard is expected to last about 36 hours and leave more than two feet of snow in some places.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He belonged to Patiala, Punjab, where his body arrived for cremation on Saturday.	SADNESS	1.0
The restoration work is being supervised by the divisional railway manager of Chakradharpur and heads of departments from SER’s headquarters in Kolkata,” Majumdar added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
JHARGRAM, West Bengal: At least 68 passengers of a Maharashtra-bound express train were killed early Friday and over 200 injured in a Maoist-backed attack which led to derailment of 13 coaches that were hit by a goods train coming from the opposite direction.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Bhagalpur-Ranchi Vananchal Express, that was running around four hours late, had just begun pulling out of platform no. 4 when Uttar Banga Express came rushing on the same line and rammed it from behind.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Shinkansen bullet trains were halted in some areas of Hokkaido, NHK said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indian navy and rescue personnel evacuate local residents in a boat at Aluva.	OPTIMISM	0.6
They neutralized the chain to let the train start moving again.However,	NO-EMOTION	0.0
CHENNAI: A team of school students and teachers collected flood relief material from residents and donors through 15 camps held at various places in Ernavur and Ennore area and handed it over to Tiruvallur district collectorate to send them to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Authorities have recovered two bodies so far, including one of a 10-year-old boy.	SADNESS	1.0
The Left Democratic Front (LDF) government was also drawn into another controversy after the opposition Congress-led UDF and BJP alleged that opening of shutters of 44-odd dams without any precaution and warning was the reason for the massive floods the state witnessed.	SURPRISE	0.9
More than 2,000 people were killed.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He was dug out of snow after 1.5 hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
Wind speed likely to be 40 to 50 kmph gusting to 60 kmph during next six hours and decrease thereafter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The death toll in the state, battered by heavy rains - and snowfall in Lahaul and Spiti - has risen to 10 with four more deaths being reported on Tuesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
About 30 stranded people were rescued with the help of special appliances and staircases built by firemen donning BA sets.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In Siliguri, people in some areas left their houses in panic when the quake struck.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
State government had extended summer vacations for all schools initially up to June 21 and subsequently till June 25 due to extreme hot weather.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As a murderous monsoon savaged Kerala claiming 106 lives on a single day on Friday, the state plunged deeper into misery today with hospitals facing shortage of oxygen and fuel stations running dry, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Special relief commissioner Bishnupada Sethi said the Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force was in a state of readiness while district administrations had been alerted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The wreck severely impacted railway minister Mamata's Banerjee's track record on safety, as critics, who earlier alleged she spent more time out of office than in, demanded she quit.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We were lucky to have vacated our jeep on time," said Khem Singh, a survivor from Mandi.	JOY	0.9
Mohapatra said that the chana and mustard crop growth were good.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
20 fire tenders, two quick response vehicles, five water tankers, and two ambulances were pressed into action at the site which is located on Appasaheb Marathe Marg.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Western disturbance in the Himalayan region by mid-June is likely to bring rain and thunderstorm.”	JOY	0.7
Ockhi, which formed as a depression over southwest Bay of Bengal on November 29 last year, intensified into a cyclone off the Kanyakumari coast in Tamil Nadu on November 30 and travelled up to the Gujarat coast before it dissipated on December 6 after weakening into a low pressure area.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The department in its summer forecast earlier this month said above normal heatwave conditions were likely this year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
When asked about how much time will it take to normalise the traffic on the route, the DRM said, "A team of Commissioner Railway safety has reached Rae Bareli.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An official said donations to the Kerala Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund have also been exempted from income tax.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Met officials said the deluge caught Kerala unprepared, particularly because it has been progressively getting less monsoon rainfall over the years.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
TRICHY: Citizens and other individual associations continued to lend a helping hand to the flood-hit victims in Kerala by sending relief materials and offering monetary assistance.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Earthquake measuring 3.8 on the Richter scale, epicentered at Haryana's Jhajjar, occurred at 4:37 pm today.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
"After reports of tourists and transients stuck in the blizzard were received, the Army swung into action and a rescue operation was launched in less than an hour.	JOY	0.5
The record-breaking weather has revived concerns about the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, which will be held in two years time in July and August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With that, it also predicted "very likely" heavy rains at isolated places of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya.	JOY	0.8
Quite a few petrol pumps, even in places like the state capital Thiruvananthapuram, which has escaped the monsoon fury to some extent, have run dry.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Over the next few days, IMD has predicted the day temperatures in Pune to hover around 39° celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The US Geological Survey said the magnitude 7.5 quake was centered at a depth of 6 miles (10 kilometers) about 35 miles (56 kilometers) northeast of the central Sulawesi town of Donggala.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The earthquake in J&amp;K measured 4.6 on the Richter scale, at 5:15 on Wednesday morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
"The toll could go up," West Bengal home secretary Samar Ghosh said.	SADNESS	0.0
Usually such high temperature is witnessed in the month of May and in June weather becomes cool after the onset of monsoon.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He also asked them to arrange adequate relief materials.	OPTIMISM	0.6
We could barely identify the dead.	SADNESS	1.0
Mohammad Rahimul Alam from Hojai, who runs a perfume business with his elder brother Rubel Ahmed in Cochin, have helped nearly 300 people from Assam stranded in the flood in different parts of Ernakulam district.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Gulmarg - the famous ski destination - recorded a low of minus 9 degrees Celsius, three degrees colder from the previous night, while south Kashmir's Kokernag town registered a low of minus 3.4 degrees Celsius compared to minus 2.5 degrees Celsius on the previous night.	SURPRISE	1.0
Coastal residents reported not seeing or feeling any warning signs, like receding water or an earthquake, before waves of up to two metres washed ashore, according to media.	SURPRISE	1.0
मुंबई पुलिस ने घटना की जांच की बात कही है।	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The weatherman has predicted no significant change in the conditions on Wednesday.	SADNESS	1.0
एयरपोर्ट के अधिकारी ने बताया कि अभी तक हादसे के कारणों का पता नहीं लग पाया है।	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The soldier, with a faint pulse, was found under 25-feet of snow and was rushed to a "warm tent" in the location to stabilise him with the help of doctors.	SURPRISE	1.0
The IMD has also sounded a red-coded alert for Haryana, Rajasthan and west Uttar Pradesh until May 27.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Agra was the coldest in the state with the mercury dipping to 3.3 degrees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Roof tiles and water covered floors at Hokkaido's main airport, New Chitose Airport, which would be closed for at least Thursday.	SURPRISE	1.0
MUMBAI: Four persons, including three non-residents who rushed in to help, died when a fire broke out in the 16-storey Crystal Tower at Hindmata near Parel around 8.30 am Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At Gurugram and Faridabad, mercury fell by at least 4 degrees with maximum temperature recorded at 39.7 and 39.8 degree Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
It’s not just the winds that keep howling around the hotel in Port Blair — where she is staying with her husband — that keep her awake.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
State school education department declared holidays for today and tomorrow for all schools due to heavy downpour, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We are also sending teams to Darjeeling and Kalimpong (in West Bengal)," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Daltonganj recorded 42° Celsius, five notches above normal daytime average.	SURPRISE	1.0
Five trains including Howrah-New Delhi Rajdhani have been diverted and seven trains including Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi express have been cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It happened while we still have difficulties in collecting data from nine villages affected by the first quake," he told The Associated Press.	SADNESS	1.0
Several people who stay inside the market at night rushed out to save their lives.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Heat wave conditions continued unabated in most parts of Punjab and Haryana, with Amritsar and Patiala sizzling at 42.8 degrees Celsius, making these as the hottest places in the region.	SURPRISE	1.0
The strong tremor, which cracked walls and streets, was also felt in nearby Trinidad and Tobago, and as far as Colombia's capital Bogota, where the international airport was briefly closed.	SURPRISE	1.0
The sudden rise in temperature and high humidity levels has thrown normal life out of gear and leading to rise in discomfort and uneasiness among people.	SADNESS	1.0
Meanwhile, according to weather officials, Bhiloda in Aravalli district received a maximum of 94 mm rainfall in the last 12 hours ending at 8 pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Operator Hokkaido Electric Power Co reported no radiation irregularities at the plant, which has been shut since shortly after a massive 2011 earthquake, Suga told a news conference.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, that is set to change.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wednesday’s heat left the Ahmedabad reeling, with the mercury touching 44.6°C, the highest temperature this season.	SURPRISE	1.0
Nearly a dozen empty wagons were thrown off the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nearly 14.50 lakh people from 3.91 lakh families have taken shelter in about 3,879 relief camps across the state.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
The Regional Meteorological Centre, Bhubaneswar, has predicted that the monsoon will remain weak in Odisha till June 20.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Officials said that operation of trains between Jaipur and Ajmer was normalized in the evening but if anyone still has any queries they can contact the helpline number.	JOY	0.2
"However, most parts of the state will have partly overcast conditions from Wednesday onwards.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha chaired the review meeting while Manipur Chief Secretary participated in it through video conference.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Indian community in the UAE, numbering 2.6 million, constitutes 30 per cent of the total population.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The union added that the government has cut costs, including eliminating route inspector jobs about five years ago.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The temperature at Nowgaon was recorded at 4 degree and 5 degree at Sidhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Met department has advised fishermen to not venture into sea along and off Andhra Pradesh coast during next 24 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
We have lost hope," 40-year-old Mary Anne Baril, whose corn and rice crops were spoiled in the storm, told AFP.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In Punjab, Patiala had a hot day at 43.4 degrees celsius, up four notches against the normal limits.	SURPRISE	1.0
He said the railways rescue team could reach the spot at 2.45pm only.	SURPRISE	0.5
The magnitude of the quake was recorded at 5.5 on the Richter scale, according to a report of the Central Seismological Observatory in Shillong.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The overnight rains and squally wind continued till today morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Railway Protection Force personnel and locals were the first to start rescue operations.	SADNESS	0.5
He also warned that islanders should remain on alert as rainfall was forecast in the region, which could trigger fresh landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Fishermen are advised not to venture into these areas, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 650-acre waterbody is now filled with bushes and vegetation.	SURPRISE	0.2
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said no one was left on a missing list, which suggested the figure could be the final death toll.	SADNESS	1.0
Many parts of Madhya Pradesh continue to reel under extreme cold wave conditions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Centre had announced Rs 100 crore on August 12 after home minister Rajnath Singh did an aerial survey of the flooding.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of the injured 33 were in serious condition and admitted to different hospitals in Manipur, including the state-run RIIMS and JNIMS, while the rest were discharged after first aid.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Two fire engines, 20 fire rescue units and 20 firefighters were sent to the scene.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESWAR: The process of landfall of the very severe cyclone Titli started early Thursday with surface wind reaching speeds of 126 kmph at Gopalpur in Odisha's Ganjam district, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The DGCA is monitoring the situation closely.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fresh landslides were also reported in high range Idukki.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
The quake occurred at 4.37 pm at a depth of 10 km and had a magnitude of 3.8, it said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
While two of them are second class general bogies , the third is the luggage-cum-guard coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All nine flood-monitoring stations of the Central Water Commission have notified ‘extreme flood situation’.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
बता दें कि विमान दुर्घटना के बाद कहा जा रहा था कि मुंबई में क्रैश हुआ विमान यूपी सरकार का VT-UPZ, किंग एयर C90 विमान है।	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fortunately, there was not too much damage to the rails or sleepers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The evacuation campaign was launched last night as the met office issued Danger Signal No 7 in a scale of 10 for northeastern coastlines, while authorities said armed forces were kept ready with troops, ships and helicopters to launch rescue operations when the cyclonic storm hit the coast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Japan's Trade and Industry Minister Hiroshige Seko said the ministry instructed Hokkaido Electric Power to restart the coal-fired Tomato-Atsuma power plant within a few hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It quickly snowballed into a serious affair with a group of tech-savvy members from all over the world, including the USA, the UK and Germany, providing technical support.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though most of the roads have been cleared today, a road on the southern outskirts of Aizawl was yet to be reopened, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The maximum temperature in the city on Wednesday was 37.1°C, which was 0.3 degrees above normal, while the minimum temperature was 27.4°C.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As Kerala limps back to normalcy, a controversy has erupted over what caused the worst flooding in a century, with the opposition leader and several experts calling it a “man-made disaster” and the LDF government rubbishing such claims as unfounded and irresponsible.	SURPRISE	0.7
Vehicular movement was normal in the state capital.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
CHENNAI: A team of school students and teachers collected flood relief material from residents and donors through 15 camps held at various places in Ernavur and Ennore area and handed it over to Tiruvallur district collectorate to send them to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Some residents reported their buildings were swaying in the wind and parks were already strewn with broken branches by the early morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Bhubaneswar and Baripada recorded highest 42.2 degree Celsius in the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No casualties were, however, reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
According to Transport minister P Mahender Reddy, the corporation has suffered an estimated loss of Rs 50 lakh due to the incident.	SURPRISE	1.0
The casualties have occurred mostly in the North District and in towns and villages like Rangpo, Dikchu, Singtam and Chungthang located along the course of Teesta river, officials said.	SADNESS	0.0
The smoke spread through the building's staircases and lifts were not used as a precautionary measure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is the main line.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some passengers have received Injuries and have been shifted to nearby hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
About 15 response teams of the border guarding force are also running shelters, food camps and medical assistance facilities or the affected people, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
This is why the state did not expect rain of this magnitude,” Pulak Guhathakurta said of IMD.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Unprecedented snowfall triggered multiple avalanches in Batalik Sector in which a post was buried.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Eight fire fighting engines, a water tanker and five ambulances were rushed to the spot, he said, adding that efforts were on to douse the blaze, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The US Pacific Tsunami Warning Center earlier issued a warning saying destructive tsunami waves were possible, but later revised its forecast, saying that there was no tsunami threat from the quake.	SURPRISE	1.0
Trains from the state capital have been suspended and Kochi Metro operations drastically cut.	SURPRISE	0.4
East coast railway (ECoR) sources said 15th, 16th and 17th wagons from the rear side of the train got affected in the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is the largest expatriate community in the country.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
हादसे में इन चारों की मौत हो गई।	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Officials throughout the Mid-Atlantic region warned that it could be days, or even a week, before residents will be able to dig out.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
However, a probe is on to know the exact reason behind the derailment.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“None was injured in the incident.	OPTIMISM	0.4
There are four types of colour codes signifying the level of caution -- green (which means no action), yellow (situation to be watched), amber (government agencies to be prepared for severe weather) and red (action needed by the agencies).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The authorities characterised the fire as a 'Level-III' one, said ANI news agency.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Specially trained Avalanche Rescue Teams have been deployed to rescue them," the official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The CPRO said the ECR officials have decided to contribute to the PM’s relief fund for the Kerala flood victims.	OPTIMISM	0.6
READ ALSO: Here's how you can help flood-hit people of Kerala	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nearly 200 people have been killed in Kerala since August 8 due to floods caused by rains and landslides, while lakhs of people have been moved to relief camps.	SADNESS	1.0
Friday's average maximum temperature is likely to hover around 44 to 45 degrees, while Palam is expected to be hotter.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
AGARTALA: The Tripura government has announced a compensation of Rs 4 lakh for the family of the 40-year-old woman, Kamalini Kanda, who died in a cardiac arrest after the earthquake on Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited Managing Director N V S Reddy said that while the welding work was being done last evening, some sparks caused a small fire.	SURPRISE	0.5
The US Geological Survey said the magnitude 7.5 quake was centered at a depth of 6 miles (10 kilometers) about 35 miles (56 kilometers) northeast of the central Sulawesi town of Donggala.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The cable was still emitting sparks, which led to fear about a fire.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Opposition BJP and Trinamool Congress, meanwhile, continued to raise a voice against the government's "failure" in disaster management.	ANGER	1.0
Strong winds in the area made it difficult for firefighters to douse the flames.	SADNESS	1.0
HYDERABAD: Two wheels of a coach of an express train came off the track near Nizamabad in Telangana today, but no one was injured, Railway officials said.	SURPRISE	0.3
NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: A cyclonic storm on Wednesday hit the Andaman and Nicobar islands and is expected to reach the coast of Andhra Pradesh and Odisha over the next 48-72 hours, the Met department said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Local leaders said thousands of people are stuck in Paravur region of Ernakulam district.	SADNESS	0.5
Meanwhile, 13 people died in Uttarakhand's Kumaon region alone in the past two days.	SURPRISE	1.0
Kerala is facing its worst flood in 100 years.	SADNESS	0.8
Most recently in the city of Palu on Sulawesi island a quake and tsunami killed thousands of people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
After the Philippines, the Hong Kong Observatory predicts Mangkhut will aim at the Chinese mainland early Monday south of Hong Kong and north of the island province of Hainan.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The building also houses a branded sweet shop, a sari shop and private office on the ground floor and a hall which is let out for meetings, conferences and small functions on the first floor.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fresh landslides were also reported in high range Idukki.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
JAKARTA: The death toll from a volcano-triggered tsunami in Indonesia has risen to 222, with more than 800 people injured, officials said Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Ockhi was also significant in the sense that it led to copious rainfall especially in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu with Tirunelveli and Kanyakumari getting 42 per cent and 23 per cent of excess rainfall respectively during the North- East monsoon season, he said.	SURPRISE	0.8
“The train left Sonkhamb at 2.22pm and reached Nagpur at 3.05pm,” said Kumar.Pantry	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, the toll has since declined considerably, with 557 deaths recorded in 2016 and 220 in 2017.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told Kompas TV that the quake strongly jolted Mataram, the capital of West Nusa Tenggara province, and may have caused damage there.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
NEW DELHI: A major fire broke out on the sixth floor of the Lok Nayak Bhavan near Sujan Singh Park on Saturday evening.	SURPRISE	1.0
These areas will also experience very heavy rainfall," said a senior scientist at the Met department.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
According to RTC staff, the fire first broke out in an under-repair bus (no: AP 29 ZZ 3368) due to a ‘short circuit’ at around 2 am on Thursday and later spread to four other buses parked in the vicinity.	SURPRISE	0.8
It has suffered immense physical damage with the boundary wall broken at places, among other things.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AGRA: A Mumbai-bound express train’s engine collided with a truck in Mathura in the intervening night of Friday and Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.7
LUCKNOW/ALMORA: In some of the heaviest spells of snowfall Uttarakhand has seen in recent times, 30 people, according to the State Disaster Mitigation and Management Centre, have died in the hills in the last two days.	SURPRISE	1.0
The massive 7.5-magnitude tremor struck Friday and sent monster waves barrelling into the island of Sulawesi, leaving at least 844 dead in the seaside city of Palu and surrounding areas.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Capp says he's lived in Anchorage eight years and that Tuesday's quake was the worst he had experienced.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
In the northern town of Tanjung, rescue workers in orange uniforms spent a second day trying to recover a body from the rubble of a destroyed home as a foul stench rose above it.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
With flood water level receding in many places, people have started returning to their homes and begun cleaning operations.	OPTIMISM	0.6
According to him, another 20 trawlers were missing off the Digha coast.	SADNESS	1.0
An active volunteer group of 6,000 was the strong force under Compassionate Keralam, a volunteering group which is an extended edition of Compassionate Kozhikode launched by IAS officer N Prasanth, played a major role in helping the government machinery save lives of hundreds trapped in the floods.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: A 30-year-old Russian skier was killed and four others rescued after an avalanche struck a ski resort in Gulmarg, the popular tourist destination in north Kashmir’s Baramulla district on Friday.	SADNESS	1.0
Idukki district received the maximum rainfall today with Munnar and Peermade towns recording 11 cm and 10 cms respectively, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday called up Indonesian President Joko Widodo and offered assistance to the tsunami-hit country.	SADNESS	0.4
“We were still asleep when we heard a loud sound resembling an explosion.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Mizoram Disaster Management Authority and the Disaster Management and Rehabilitation department had received a warning that the cyclone was most likely to lash Mizoram on Tuesday and Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
They are being deployed to rescue over 500 people still stranded in Lahaul-Spiti.	SADNESS	0.6
In a span of five days, the call centres handled over 30,000 phone calls effectively.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A woman, travelling to Secunderabad with two daughters, was the only person injured as the train was brought to a shuddering halt after chain pulling by passengers, who heard a loud noise.It’s	SURPRISE	0.8
The only resident of the building who died was retired banker Shubhada Shirke (65) who lived alone on the same floor.	SADNESS	1.0
Agriculture crops in over 40,000 hectares have been destroyed, they said.	SADNESS	0.6
Anguished by the fire in Mumbai.	SADNESS	1.0
Deputy commissioner of Lahaul and Spiti warned people from venturing outdoors alone on foot, as fears of avalanche haunted the entire district.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
"Ten fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the fire was doused in an hour.	SURPRISE	1.0
Foggy conditions would also continue," he predicted.	SADNESS	0.9
"It was busy earlier in the hardware store and people were buying wood, nails, tin wire, plywood and umbrellas," said Benjamin Banez, who owns a three-story hotel where workers were busy hammering up wooden boards to protect glass panels.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Landslides were reported in Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Idukki districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Humidity oscillated between 59 and 10 per cent, the official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The timing of the disaster over the Christmas season evoked memories of the Indian Ocean tsunami triggered by an earthquake on Dec. 26, 2004, which killed 226,000 people in 14 countries, including more than 120,000 in Indonesia.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The observatory warned of rough seas and frequent heavy squalls, urging residents of the densely populated financial hub to "take suitable precautions and pay close attention to the latest information" on the storm.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The administration has not been able to ascertain the amount of loss in the quake yet, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The injured passengers have been rushed to nearby hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
The minimum temperature was 4 degrees Celsius, slightly above the 3.6 degrees Celsius recorded on Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the third major blaze in a Mumbai highrise in as many months, at least 23 people, including three firemen, were injured and rushed to KEM Hospital.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The water level in the dam increased to 107.79m on Wednesday as against 107.63m on Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Wednesday, the capital area saw hours long gridlock after just an inch of snowfall turned roads into a skating rink.	SADNESS	0.8
At least seven people were killed, and around 89 are missing, he said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He said that Rs 1 crore will directly go to the Kerala chief minister's relief fund, while the rest will be allocated for medical relief aid, the Gulf paper added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The identities of the deceased could not be ascertained so far, Saxena said.	SADNESS	1.0
TOKYO: Japanese authorities say 37 people have been confirmed dead from a powerful earthquake that struck the northern island of Hokkaido last week.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Water levels in the famous Victoria Harbour and fishing villages could surge by up to four metres, authorities said, and hundreds of residents have been evacuated to storm shelters as the observatory forecast severe flooding for low-lying areas.	SADNESS	1.0
Rescuers have yet to reach many affected areas leading to fears the death toll could rise again.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Cyclone 'Titli' triggered heavy to very heavy rainfall in Ganjam, Gajapati and Puri districts of Odisha, while damage of hutments and asbestos-roofed houses, street lights, road blockade due to uprooted trees were reported from Ganjam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
According to IMD, Wednesday's maximum temperatures were markedly above average (above 5 degrees Celsius) at many parts of Uttrakhand and at some parts of Himachal Pradesh and appreciably above normal (3.1 to 5 degrees Celsius) at most parts of Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi; and at many parts of Punjab, some parts of Rajasthan, few pockets of Jammu and Kashmir and central Maharashtra and at most parts of Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh, sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim, Konkan and Goa and Vidarbha, at some parts of Uttar Pradesh and Kerala, at one or two pockets of Assam and Meghalaya, Gangetic West Bengal and Marathwada.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Records showed it was the seventh fatal crash since she took oath under UPA-II last May.	SURPRISE	0.4
The Met department said that the conditions will prevail in parts of Uttarakhand, both hills and plains, for the next four to five days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thousands of people sat on roadsides outside their houses under blue makeshift tents and tarps, too afraid to stay inside because of aftershocks or their homes now uninhabitable.	SADNESS	1.0
The wave swamped parts of the coast around the Sunda Strait, but was most damaging in Pandeglang district, on Java's western tip, where at least 33 people died and 491 people were injured.	SURPRISE	1.0
The dead included many killed in landslides, a girl who drowned and a security guard crushed by a falling wall.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
While Churk in Sonbhadra was the coldest in the state with 0.6 degrees Celsius, Agra was freezing at 1.2 degrees Celsius followed by Varanasi at 3 degrees Celsius and Lucknow at 4 degrees Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
The minimum temperature was recorded at 23.8 degrees Celsius, three notches below the normal, a Meteorological (MeT) department official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Japan is situated on the "Ring of Fire" arc of volcanoes and oceanic trenches that partly encircles the Pacific Basin and accounts for about 20 percent of the world's earthquakes of magnitude 6 or greater.	SURPRISE	1.0
Turkish authorities, including President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, have said the derailment is being fully investigated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An hour after the landfall, Gopalpur in Odisha reported surface wind at 126 kmph, Kalingapatanam in Andhra Pradesh recorded wind speed of 56 kmph.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Though there was an increase of 41.44% rainfall this time, the flood situation worsened not because of the downpour, but due to the opening of shutters of 44 dams at the same time without giving prior warning,” Congress leader and leader of opposition Ramesh Chennithala alleged.	SURPRISE	0.8
They were released after police intervention.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The night temperature in Qazigund, in south Kashmir, settled at -5.0C, while the neighbouring Kokernag town registered a low of -1.8C last night, the official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
This, it added, was essentially due to advance warnings issued in the form of summer temperature outlook and update of heatwave hotspots on weekly basis, and prompt response action by state governments to minimise the public exposure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
मैक्सिकन जेट कंपनी ने बताया कि पायलट ने जब विमान को टेकऑफ किया था तब उसने सावधानी नहीं बरती थी जिसके कारण विमान दुर्घटनाग्रस्त हो गया था।	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
BHOPAL: At least 24 bogies of a goods train derailed in Satna district in Madhya Pradesh late on Friday.	SURPRISE	0.5
Traffic system would remain suspended on Saharsa-Mansi section till normalcy returned, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a ‘red-coded’ warning of heat wave in several parts of the state for the next three to four days.	SURPRISE	1.0
State meteorological director J P Gupta said that the northwesterly winds coming from snow-clad mountains are responsible for the biting cold in the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"No office-goer was injured in the mishap," the official said, adding that the cause of the fire was yet to be ascertained.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Superintendent of Bijnor railway station, Arvind Kumar said, “The coaches derailed because of the driver’s laxity, who was dozing during the shunting.	ANGER	0.7
However, local administration and the railway authorities have confirmed two deaths as of now.	SURPRISE	0.4
Taiwan authorities said the accident had happened at 4:50 pm local time (0850 GMT) with no cause yet given.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As it was tossed into the air by the impact, the coach's undercarriage separated and was smashed under the base of the road bridge by the loco of the Uttar Banga Express.	SURPRISE	0.8
Thousands of residents were forced to evacuate to higher ground.	SURPRISE	0.9
"The epicentre of the quake was near the Afghanistan- Tajikistan border and occurred at a depth of around 190 kilometres," an official said in Srinagar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
LUCKNOW: A special train and buses have been arranged by the Indian Railways for 1,000 passengers stranded in Rae Bareli, where nine coaches and the engine of the New Delhi bound New Farakka Express derailed Wednesday, an official said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In Virginia, which has a large Telugu population, media reported several weather-related accidents yesterday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Army chief Gen Bikram Singh has made it clear that the Indian military would not like to move out of the "strategically important" icy heights for which a "lot of blood has been shed".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We warned them before they ascended upwards but they ignored our advice and went ahead,” said Muhammad Haneef Balki, the chief executive officer of Gulmarg development authority.	DISGUST	0.8
"I want him to be pulled out of there immediately.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Also, the anticyclone tends to trap the warm air in the lower levels of the atmosphere, keeping the temperature high,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Citing figures, he said the country suffered economic losses of approximately Rs 60,000 crore per annum on account of different kinds of natural disasters, of which the maximum damage was caused by floods.	SURPRISE	1.0
The ski-resort Gulmarg recorded a minimum of -7.0C.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Hainan Airlines canceled 234 flights in the cities of Haikou, Sanya, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Zhuhai scheduled over the weekend.	SADNESS	1.0
The donations were later handed over to the Tiruvallur collectorate and the district administration is co-ordinating with the Kerala government to send the relief material.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Nine O’clock is too late, the sun is unbearable by 7 in the morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We have retrieved the body of a 10-year-old boy, Sulaiman, and the cab driver Zahoor Ahmad," said a police officer, adding that the search operations were stopped after nightfall and will begin again on Saturday.	SADNESS	1.0
Roads and markets in the city are getting deserted by 9 am in the morning and affected the business of roadside vendors and other shops as well.	SURPRISE	0.3
The railway administration was not informed about Dussehra celebration.	SURPRISE	1.0
More than 5 million people were at risk from the storm, which the Hawaii-based Joint Typhoon Warning Center categorizes as a super typhoon with powerful winds and gusts equivalent to a category 5 Atlantic hurricane.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We discussed the flood situation across… https://t.co/jm27yP9R2X— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1534476978000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Anti-Maoist forces were at the spot and assisting the police and rescue personnel in extricating the bodies from four badly damaged sleeper coaches S-5, S-6, S-7 and S-8.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Manali sub-divisional magistrate Vinay Dhiman said 194 persons, including 20 tourists, were rescued within 24 hours.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Hubballi: A goods train carrying petroleum products of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) derailed on the outskirts of Hubballi on Tuesday, disrupting operations of about a dozen passenger trains on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	0.7
Moderate to dense fog engulfed Delhi and its neighbouring areas disrupting rail and road traffic.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With flood water level receding in many places, people have started returning to their homes and begun cleaning operations.	OPTIMISM	0.6
We are working on the other roads.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to reports received from Manipur government, 8 people lost their lives and 88 were injured due to earthquake, an official statement said in Delhi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
* He said four weeks have been given to submit the report to find out who was at fault.	ANGER	0.7
The incident took place after damage to axle of wheels of the train which was returning from ACC cement factory.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials from the disaster management department said that the epicenter of the of the earthquake was near Kargil town in the Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He grabbed on to the doorframe in the hallway and the door slammed into his hands, scraping his fingers and hand.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
Around 300 people had vacated, but some of the residents returned.	SURPRISE	0.4
“The department had already predicted that this summer is likely to be on the higher side, but it doesn't mean temperatures will be high on a daily basis," Devi said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident, involving the 12793 Tirupati-Nizamabad Rayalaseema Express, affected rail traffic.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As many as 44 shanties were gutted in the blaze.	SADNESS	1.0
I stayed during the first shock, but the shock grew stronger and we rolled around trying to run out," he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Water supply, too, was non-existent as pipes froze.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
"Overall the acreage is down for oilseed, but if the rains in January and February are good then we can make up in yields.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Three other trains, including the Chandigarh express, were also affected and delayed for hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The majority of the victims were women attending a birthday party at the restaurant.	SADNESS	1.0
This will affect farmers who don’t have irrigation facilities.”	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
KOCHI: The Times Network, part of The Times Group, on Monday said that it has initiated a fund-raising campaign, 'India For Kerala' to create awareness and raise funds towards relief efforts for those hit by the heavy rains and floods.	OPTIMISM	0.6
I am safe.Thank	OPTIMISM	1.0
NEW DELHI: North India today continued to shiver under biting cold with mercury dipping at several places including Amritsar which froze at zero degree, even as the west Indian city Nagpur recorded its 45 years' lowest at 5 degrees Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
Superintendent of Bijnor railway station, Arvind Kumar said, “The coaches derailed because of the driver’s laxity, who was dozing during the shunting.	ANGER	0.7
“This was caused by human blunder.	SURPRISE	0.7
The storm made landfall in the Guangdong city of Taishan at 5 p.m., packing wind speeds of 162 kilometers (100 miles) per hour.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A 2010 blaze at a Shanghai apartment tower killed at least 58 people.	SADNESS	1.0
This includes doctors and paramedics being sent to relief camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
the morning, the relaxed atmosphere in the AC II-tier coach, with most passengers either in slumber or just waking up, was shattered by a deafening sound.	DISGUST	0.3
A Murugesan, correspondent of St Antony’s Nursery and Primary School in Ernavur, was instrumental in encouraging the teachers to collect funds from people.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Amritsar in Punjab also reeled under cold weather conditions with the minimum settling at 4.8 degrees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to hover at 45 and 25 degrees Celsius respectively," the weatherman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But the country still suffers major fires.	SURPRISE	1.0
“The goods train was empty and headed towards the Tata Steel Plant to pick up finished steel.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AGARTALA: The Tripura government has announced a compensation of Rs 4 lakh for the family of the 40-year-old woman, Kamalini Kanda, who died in a cardiac arrest after the earthquake on Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
As many as 194 people have lost their lives and 36 are missing in Kerala since August 8 due to rains and landslides, while over 3.14 lakh people have been moved to relief camps.	SADNESS	0.8
In Gujarat, mercury plummeted to 6 degrees in Deesa town of Palanpur district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of them six cases were confirmed so far after official enquiry.	SADNESS	0.2
"We are assisting police on the Strand after a ruptured gas main was discovered using detection equipment and high levels of natural gas were detected in the atmosphere.	SURPRISE	1.0
About 30-35 people received minor injuries, officials said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Alarmed at the dipping temperature, the Malda administration may ask schools to shut till the cold abates.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Wednesday, at least two stations in Madhya Maharashtra — Ahmednagar and Malegaon — had high departures in their day temperatures.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though we opened the relief camp at the mosque on August 8, the activities started in full swing only after August 14, following a series of landslides that rocked the district," he told PTI.	OPTIMISM	0.4
“Extremely strong winds and choppy seas have stalled rescue operations.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At 42.6 degrees celsius, Chandigarh, the common capital of the two states, was hotter by five notches against normal.	SURPRISE	1.0
It seems nature’s fury was not enough that the electricity people have started torturing,” said Madan Mohan Rath, a senior citizen.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities have recovered two bodies so far, including one of a 10-year-old boy.	SADNESS	1.0
The weakening of southwest monsoon and blowing of westerly hot winds from Central India has led to the rise in temperature in the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The Ministry of Home Affairs is coordinating with the NDMA, state government and related central government departments and agencies for providing all necessary help, it said.	OPTIMISM	0.7
“The railways will talk to Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries in this connection so that relief materials could reach Kerala in time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Small aircraft are being operated from the naval airport.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The incident happened during inter-post movement of the soldiers," they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KATHMANDU: An aftershock measuring 4.1 magnitude was recorded in Nepal today, nearly seven weeks after the Himalayan nation was jolted by one of the worst earthquakes that killed over 9,000 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“A tsunami could only happen if there’s a fault reactivation in the Sunda Strait.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
MUMBAI: A fire broke out Tuesday in a commercial building in suburban Andheri, an official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Police teams were sent to the camp to assist the fire-fighters in the rescue operation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The next respite is only likely towards the end of May or first week of June, weather analysts said.	SADNESS	1.0
To assess the safety of partially damaged public buildings and advise the state government on issues related to repair and retrofitting of these structres, the National Disaster Management Authority is deploying a team of experts.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The Cyclone 'Mora' made a landfall in Bangladesh yesterday killing at least six persons and damaging houses in the neighbouring country.	SADNESS	1.0
This is not the first time the train has derailed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
यह विमान ढाका से नेपाल के रूट पर था।	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Also it has arranged a vehicle to carry us up to the airport to board the flight," Chandra Prabha, a resident of Borsilagaon in Morigaon district, said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
"We are observing weather patterns and its too early to comment if slight rain showers are likely towards the end of the month or May 29.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As central Kerala is yet to recover from post flood trauma, it is a daunting task to arrange local transportation, logistics of catering items which will lead to a cascading effect on passengers.	SADNESS	0.5
"In all 68 fishing boats, out of which 66 are from Kerala and two from Tamil Nadu, have reached with total 952 fishermen on board.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
State school education department declared holidays for today and tomorrow for all schools due to heavy downpour, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
RAIPUR: Maoists uprooted 100 metres of railway tracks between Kamaloor and Bhansi stations in Dantewada around midnight on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Vehicular movement was normal in the state capital.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, according to private weather forecasting agency Skymet, respite is only likely at the end of May.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The train was later stopped at Raya station and at Mathura Cantt station, the damaged engine was replaced to continue the further journey,” said Rajendra Singh, public relation officer of Izzatnagar division of North Eastern Railway.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Boston, which saw the decades' worst blizzard that left roads piled up with snow, a group of youths from the Young Sikh Foundation held impromptu 'road service'.	SURPRISE	0.6
Talking to TOI, agricultural scientist Anil Hafeez said, “The rising temperatures will be detrimental to the cultivation of paddy and other summer crops.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
* Punjab Police commandos and Rapid Action Force personnel have been deployed at the site of the train accident to manage the huge crowd.	SURPRISE	1.0
Cyclone may cause moderate rain in KolkataThe city is likely to witness moderate rain on Friday as the deep depression over Bay of Banegal intensified into a cyclonic storm, Daye, on Thursday night.	SURPRISE	0.4
The Met office said rains were expected to continue till Saturday, although a statewide “red alert” — the highest level weather warning — was in place only till Thursday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A fresh red alert was issued onThursday in 13 of 14 districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
In Ganjam, vast stretches of the two towns of Aska and Proshuttampur were submerged in rain water over the past two days, District Collector Vijay Amruta Kulange said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The latest observations indicate that 'Titli', over west-central Bay of Bengal moved north-northwestwards with a speed of about 19 kmph during the past six hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
A 2010 blaze at a Shanghai apartment tower killed at least 58 people.	SADNESS	1.0
Meanwhile, reports said one person was killed as inflated waters coupled with gusts started ravaging parts of Patuakhali alongside the other areas adjacent to the Bay of Bengal in the region.	SADNESS	1.0
A rescue operation was launched immediately and the 15 soldiers saved, he said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Of the 251 talukas in state, 70 have not yet got any rain.	SURPRISE	1.0
Senior officials of National Disaster Management Authority have been supervising the supply of relief materials being sent through Railways to Nepal, an official release said tonight.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Angry passengers said the first signs of relief came only around 5 am, three-and-a-half hours after the incident.	ANGER	0.4
It was travelling from Hubli to Bangalore.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
All high-speed and some normal rail services in Guangdong and Hainan provinces were also halted, the China Railway Guangzhou Group Co. said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Anak Krakatau is the island that emerged from the area in 1927, and has been growing ever since.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
NEW DELHI: Six soldiers were killed and one is missing when an avalanche hit the Siachen glacier area on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"We reached Rohtang early morning and started distributing drinking water among the stranded people, who spent night in vehicles.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
The notification should be sent on Friday morning."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As many as 20 Army personnel including a major and a Junior Commissioned Officer lost their lives in three separate incidents of avalanches in Sonamarg area of Ganderbal, Gurez in Bandipora and Machhil in Kupwara districts in January this year.	SADNESS	1.0
There were only scattered showers in the state on Tuesday and the MeT department predicted that the weather will hold on Wednesday as well.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
If so, 80G allows 50 per cent rebate," he told here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A team of technical team rushed to the spot and rerailed the engine around 9.30am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The epicenter of the earthquake that hit West Bengal is reported to be in Tremors were felt in almost across cities including Kolkata, Darjeeling and Sikkim, Nagaland, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh too felt light shocks.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At least 51 fishermen were feared dead and 630 reported missing off Digha and in creeks of Jambudwip.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Though the Navy and coast guard doused the fire and airlifted the mariner, Yogesh Kanji Solanki, 29, of Daman and Diu, doctors at the Medical Trust Hospital here declared him dead on arrival.	SADNESS	1.0
us pray for our firefighters who are at site risking their lives...🙏🏽— Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) 1528889066000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several teams of the Odisha Disaster Response Force (ODRF) were deployed in nine districts -- Ganjam, Puri, Jagatsinghpur, Khordha, Cuttack, Balasore, Mayurbhanj, Boudh and Kalahandi, the statement said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to a railway official, The engine rammed into a truck lying on the railway track following a head-on collision with another truck on Mathura-Hathras state highway.	SURPRISE	0.6
It was as if we were back in Punjab, holding chabeel on festivals," he said.	JOY	0.9
"We have no food or water. Please help us."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
On storms that travelled similar or longer distances than Ockhi, he referred to one that occurred nearly a century ago.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
One of them was in the intensive care unit, he added.	SADNESS	1.0
According to weather analysts, next respite from excessive heat is likely only towards the end of May.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thankfully, the stationmaster of Kamaloor was alerted in time and he stopped a passenger train 2km from the danger zone, thereby averting a disaster.	OPTIMISM	1.0
An earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale has jolted Venezuela's northeast coast, with no immediate reports of casualties.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Of them six cases were confirmed so far after official enquiry.	SADNESS	0.2
A massive evacuation ahead of Mangkhut helped lessen potential casualties, with about 87,000 people evacuating from high-risk areas, officials said.	SADNESS	0.2
After the derailment, the Najibabad-Moradabad train, which was to reach Bijnor at around 4:30 am, was cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We tried to meet him to tell our woes but couldn’t get the permission from administration,” Sanjay said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Among other places in Haryana, Bhiwani, too, had a hot day at 44.3 degress celsius.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"The storm is likely to cross north Andhra Pradesh and Odisha between Kalingapatanam and Paradip by the night of the October 12.	SURPRISE	0.9
The coaches were rerailed by 9:35 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Bandipora’s Gurez sector, an avalanche swept through a security installation manned by 36 Rashtriya Rifles in the Baktoor region, killing three soldiers, confirmed defence sources.	SURPRISE	1.0
With Jharkhand geographically sitting in between central and northeast states, it is expected to receive 95% rains this year," a senior weather scientist at Ranchi IMD said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Farms across Luzon, which produces a large portion of the nation's rice and corn, were sitting under muddy floodwaters, their crops ruined just a month before harvest.	SADNESS	1.0
At Gurugram and Faridabad, mercury fell by at least 4 degrees with maximum temperature recorded at 39.7 and 39.8 degree Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
The cyclone first struck the southern Patuakhali coast with wind speed up to 90 kilometres per hour, but it gradually weakened into a tropical storm and then dissipated, causing far less damage than had been feared.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
5 of the 13 derailed coaches fell on an adjacent track and were hit by a goods train coming from the opposite direction, Additional Superintendent of Police, Jhargram, Mukesh Kumar said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The confirmed death toll from an earthquake and tsunami on Indonesia's Sulawesi island has risen to 1,234, from 844, the national disaster mitigation agency said on Tuesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The state capital Gandhinagar saw a maximum of 45.2°C.	SURPRISE	1.0
A fire official told TOI on Wednesday night that they were still probing the cause of the fire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Waves of up to 15 meter hit the coastlines of Thailand, India, Sri Lanka and Sumatra.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Talking to TOI, Harmeet Kaur from US Nagar, whose child is admitted to the district hospital, said, “The situation is such that doctors are asking two children to share one bed.	SURPRISE	1.0
In Hong Kong, a video posted online by residents showed the top corner of an old building break and fall off, while in another video, a tall building swayed as strong winds blew.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
In the last ten months, Uttar Pradesh has witnessed several major train-related accidents.	SURPRISE	0.5
Indonesia is prone to earthquakes because of its location on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: At least 87 people have died this winter as a cold wave swept across northern India, while dense fog led to cancellation or rescheduling of several flights and trains on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
AIZAWL: Cyclone 'Mora' accompanied by heavy showers and gusty winds lashed Mizoram yesterday disrupting power and telecommunication network, damaging houses and triggering landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Some districts, such as Idukki, have received 83.5% excess rainfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said Kupwara in north Kashmir recorded a low of -4.7C, slightly down from the previous night's -4.0C.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I pray that thos… https://t.co/8J8Q9Efeua— PMO India (@PMOIndia) 1514519392000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An unreserved coach, the pantry car and luggage van also derailed, he said.	SURPRISE	0.5
Jaspur in US Nagar district remained the hottest place in the state with 42 degree Celsius, a Met official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Ministry of Home Affairs is coordinating with the NDMA, state government and related central government departments and agencies for providing all necessary help, it said.	OPTIMISM	0.7
There was no trace of a ride being booked prior to the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Heavy snow, increasing winds, lightning threat," it warned.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
An accident relief train and a medical van have rushed to the place of accident, ECoR officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We expect that both lines will be restored by late evening on Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.2
Large scale relief and rescue operations were carried out by Mi-17 V5 and Mi-17 helicopters from detachments at Pokhara and Kathmandu.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, the unusually high temperatures are delaying sowing activities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nearly 100 trains were either cancelled or delayed in the northern region due to low visibility caused by dense fog.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Okha-Jaipur Express was delayed by over five hours and has been rescheduled for departure from Okha on May 1 at 4.15am instead of 23.50 hours on April 30.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People don’t understand that WGEEP report is not against development as claimed by Kerala Congress politicians and church authorities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The authorities characterised the fire as a 'Level-III' one, said ANI news agency.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Across the state, Surendranagar was the hottest place at 45.7°C while Deesa was the second hottest at 45.2°C degrees.	SURPRISE	1.0
The second tsunami struck a week ago, on Saturday evening, when part of a volcanic island collapsed in the Sunda Strait, between Java and Sumatra islands, generating tsunami waves that killed more than 400 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Passersby spotted the car and alerted the fire station and police.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A medium-intensity earthquake hit Haryana's Jhajjar district and its tremors were also felt in the national capital, the National Centre for Seismology (NCS) said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Munnar remained submerged for the third day while the Sabarimala shrine was cut off.	SURPRISE	0.6
The civil engineering department also began work on the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
From August 20, we are not expecting any heavy rainfall.	OPTIMISM	0.5
am personally monitoring situation,rescue operations 2/— Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 1503448275000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But given the damage to electric installations, the landing systems also need to be thoroughly checked and may require calibration before the flight operations resume at the airport.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia's Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency issued a tsunami warning after the quake struck, saying small waves were possible.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Minimum temperatures also rose by 3° Celsius on an average state-wide in the past 72 hours, the IMD said in its statement.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many hotels closed because of damage but some allowed travelers to camp in their lobbies.	SADNESS	1.0
Indonesian rescuers on Tuesday used drones and sniffer dogs to search for survivors along the devastated west coast of Java hit by a tsunami that killed at least 429 people, warning more victims are expected to be uncovered as the search expands.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
New Delhi, Aug 22 () All donations to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund and the Kerala Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund are tax-free, while contributions to NGOs meant for Kerala flood victims will get 50 per cent income tax rebate.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The maximum temperature despite bright sunshine was 21.5 degrees Celsius, three degrees below normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Prima facie, it appears to be dereliction of duty on the part of the engineering section.	SURPRISE	0.4
Rescue workers and ambulances were finding it difficult to reach affected areas because some roads were blocked by debris from damaged houses, overturned cars and fallen trees.	SADNESS	0.5
I will be arriving there tomorrow after a meeting with the Coast Guard authorities at Haldia in the morning," Nanda said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to authorities, since August 8, 194 people have lost their lives and 357 people have perished since May 29, when the south west monsoon hit the state.	SADNESS	1.0
Gas cutters are being used to cut the mangled coaches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis directed the Commissioner of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to conduct an in-depth enquiry into the tragedy.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the neighbouring gambling enclave of Macau, all 42 casinos shut late Saturday night and businesses were shuttered Sunday morning, some boarded up and protected by piles of sandbags.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
To put that in perspective, if Thursday's rain over just 1sq km area was to be poured over a football field, it would create a pool nearly 10 storeys (38 metres) high.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The US Geological Survey said the magnitude 7.0 quake struck early Sunday evening at a depth of 10.5 kilometers (6 miles).	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Central states are expected to receive 96% rains as per our LRF.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The official said while the night temperature marked an improvement at most places across Kashmir division last night, the mercury in Gulmarg and Kokernag decreased from the previous night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: An earthquake measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale hit parts of Assam on Wednesday afternoon, tremors of which were also felt in parts of West Bengal, reported USGS.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Due to this incident, Madurai-Chennai Vaigai Express and Intercity Express trains and Trichy-Karaikudi, Trichy-Dindigul and Trichy- Rameswaram passenger trains were delayed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I shouted into the walkie talkie and waved the flag, but the train didn't stop," said Mator Let, the cabin operator at Sainthia station.	SURPRISE	1.0
Officials snapped electricity supply briefly as a precautionary measure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The official said while the night temperature marked an improvement at most places across Kashmir division last night, the mercury in Gulmarg and Kokernag decreased from the previous night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Visakhapatnam, Kadapa, Anantapuramu and Kurnool districts may record 40-41 degrees Celsius, while Srikakulam and Vizianagaram may record 38-39 degrees Celsius, SDMA said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NDRF teams have been deployed in the worst-hit Tamenglong district, epicentre of the quake, while another is on standby in Silchar in Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Under its impact, heavy to very heavy rainfall is likely to lash several places in Rayagada, Kalahandi, Koraput and Nabarangpur districts till Saturday, the MeT centre said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
NGOs have joined 52 teams of the Army, Air Force, Navy, Coast Guard and NDRF in relief and rescue operations in flood-ravaged Kerala but it became evident on Thursday that the scale of the disaster was greater than the current efforts to cope with it.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Casualties continued to mount as 26 more people were reported dead on Thursday, taking the total to 97 deaths.	SADNESS	0.8
In a WhatsApp video, a stranded woman with her six- year-old child was seen pleading for help.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
The brother-in-law of the dead man complained that authorities have not brought in heavy equipment that it is desperately needed.	ANGER	1.0
No injury or casualty has been reported, official sources said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
R K Sinha, meteorologist at GB Pant University in US Nagar district, said, “Mercury has crossed the 42oC mark in Terai for the first time this season on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Areas like Munnar, Thamarassery, Vythiri and Thiruvambady were classified under ESZ as per the WGEEP report.	SURPRISE	0.5
PATNA: Railways suffered an estimated loss of over Rs 90 crore as a furious mob set ablaze 15 coaches, including an AC coach and locomotive of the Saharsa-Patna Rajyarani Express (12567) and five coaches and the locomotive of Samastipur-Saharsa passenger train at Dhamara Ghat on Saharsa-Mansi section under Samastipur division of East Central Railway (ECR) after 37 passengers were killed by the running train around 9am on Monday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It has life-and-death implication, and all the residents of the District of Columbia should treat it that way," Washington DC Mayor Miriel E Bowser said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DEHRADUN/RUDRAPUR: Soaring mercury across the hill state has thrown life out of gear even as meteorologists predicted that the heat wave is likely to continue for some more days.	SADNESS	1.0
The PM appreciated the resilience and courage of the people of Indonesia in facing the challenges emanating from the wide spread devastation due to the grave natural calamity, it said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
The daytime temperature in Giridih was 7 notches above its normal of 33° Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“For people venturing out of airconditioned rooms, it is advisable to switch on the AC in the car and allow the heat trapped inside the vehicle to escape by rolling down the windows before embarking, to avoid the adverse impact of heat,” said Dr Nilay Thakor, head of the medicine department at MK Shah Medical College.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This included water, field hospitals, blankets, tents, paramedics, stretchers, medicines, prepared food, milk, utensils, vegetables, Meals Ready to Eat (MRE), RO plants, oxygen regenerators, Air Force Communication Centre Vehicles, Rapid Action Medical Teams with its transportable operation theatre, X-ray, laboratory and patient beds among others.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
K Santosh, director of India Meteorological Department's Thiruvananthapuram centre said all alerts have been withdrawn and the state experienced only light to moderate rainfall today.	OPTIMISM	0.2
An IMD-Bhubaneswar bulletin said a cyclonic circulation over the northwest Bay of Bengal was likely to intensify into a low pressure area in the following 24 hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
It is not clear why none of the two drivers applied either the normal or the emergency brakes.	SURPRISE	0.9
Azad Moopen, Indian physician and philanthropist, and founder chairman and managing director of Aster DM Healthcare, pledged Rs 50 lakh.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The highest temperature was recorded at 43.8 degrees Celsius in Jaisalmer followed by Sriganganagar, which registered a maximum of 43 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though they remained firm on their resolve to continue the strike till they get a clear assurance from the Centre to keep the state united, the APNGOs Association assured the chief minister that staff of revenue and other line departments would take part in rescue and relief operations in case of cyclone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They were released after police intervention.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials urged millions of people in the storm's path to seek shelter and brace for a weekend of travel disruptions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Visakhapatnam-Kirandul passenger train was about to cross the same tracks when the engine driver was alerted.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
We have suspended four supervisors - two in Bareilly and one each in Bisaratganj and Roza stations."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The figure he quotes is the total rainfall in 1924.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two adjoining coaches were also badly mangled as the locomotive of Uttar Banga Express ploughed into them.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
A Central medical team comprising orthopedics, surgeons, anesthesiologist and other technicians has also been deputed to Manipur to assist with the treatment of injured people.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
- 'No time to evacuate' - Indonesia's disaster agency initially said there was "no tsunami threat" even as the wave crashed ashore.	SADNESS	1.0
The said tower has been declared unsafe and DMCR informed to disconnect electric supply and water supply of the tower.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The power lines were repaired by 3pm on Saturday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire was brought under control only two hours later around 2.03am.	OPTIMISM	0.0
The car has been seized and will be sent to the forensic lab.	SADNESS	1.0
“A passenger train was cancelled while three others were affected following the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The IMD has predicted heatwave conditions for Haryana, Chandigarh and West Rajasthan from Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Within four hours of the earthquake that struck Nepal, IAF swung into action and routed one C-130J aircraft, two C-17 and one IL-76, airlifting 295 NDRF personnel, 46.5 tonnes of load and five sniffer dogs.	SURPRISE	1.0
The chief minister wanted the power department to be on high alert as there was a likelihood of power disruption due to gales.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Before and after satellite images taken by Japan’s space agency showed that a two square kilometre chunk of the volcanic island had collapsed into the water.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Kerala received Rs 210 crore towards the Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund and a promise of Rs 160 crore," he said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Strong winds in the area made it difficult for firefighters to douse the flames.	SADNESS	1.0
The Puyuma express train was carrying more than 366 passengers from a suburb of Taipei toward Taitung, a city on Taiwan's southeast coast, when it went off the tracks at 4:50 p.m., the Taiwan central government said in a statement.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Similarly, vehicular movement between Kelimala and Chhattisgarh has been affected due to overflowing of floodwater at a height of about four feet near Chalanguda.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
IMPHAL/NEW DELHI: Massive relief and rescue operations have been launched in Manipur where a strong 6.8 magnitude earthquake yesterday claimed eight lives, shattered buildings and caused panic even as the National Crisis Management Committee met to review the situation.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“What is most important here is the departure from normal temperature at a certain point, which will decide the heatwave condition for a particular place,” Devi added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With the help of these, the capsized wagons were removed from the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
HANAMKONDA (WARANGAL): In a major fire accident, five RTC buses were completely gutted at the Warangal-1 RTC bus depot, in the wee hours of Thursday.	SURPRISE	1.0
We had a member of ours live in the area and with his help served hot tea, coffee to people caught in traffic snarls, freezing inside their cars," said Gaganjit Singh, who organized the impromptu langar.	JOY	0.6
Utkal Express had derailed in Muzaffarnagar disrtict of UP, killing 22 people and injuring 156.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
cars of two trains, including Nagpur-bound Gondwana Express, were used to supply around 350 food packets and water bottles in the affected coaches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The name Daye was suggested by Myanmar and the cyclone was born in the Riau islands of Indonesia.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DEHRADUN: As the hill state is reeling under a severe heat wave that has gripped several parts of north India, doctors here have claimed that there has been a spurt in the cases of fever, diarrhoea and typhoid, especially in children.	SURPRISE	1.0
This has led to teh rising daytime temperatures across the state.	DISGUST	1.0
The Porbandar-Rajkot-Hapa train was terminated at Hapa.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But the comparison is deceiving.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But since most of the victims were in the two unreserved compartments of Vananchal Express, identifying the mutilated bodies and claiming compensation will be a tough task for the kin of victims.	SADNESS	1.0
Hundreds of vehicles were snowbound as highways remained blocked due to landslides.	SURPRISE	0.7
More than 500 people have been rescued from various marooned areas of this district by the force till now, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.4
FIRE, POWER OUTAGES	SURPRISE	0.4
On August 23, Delhi-bound Kaifiyat Express derailed injuring 50 passengers after its engine rammed into a truck lying close to the track between Pata and Achalda stations	SADNESS	0.5
The Rohingya are an ethnic group, the majority of whom are Muslim, who have lived for centuries in the Buddhist-majority Myanmar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Kinnaur district, snowfall forced Jai Ram Thakur to make a road journey to Shimla from Reckong Peo.	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: Bringing some respite to Delhi residents, mercury fell by over two degrees in the national capital over past 24 hours with Wednesday's maximum temperature recorded at 42 degrees Celsius, a notch above the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The order is also applicable for the private schools affiliated to West Bengal Board of Secondary Education.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The technical team of the railway department reached the spot around 7:55 am to clear the track, which took at least five hours.	ANGER	0.6
India and Pakistan, which have held several rounds of talks to resolve the Siachen issue, were close to an agreement a few years back on demilitarising the region but the accord failed to see the light of the day as Pakistan refused to authenticate its military position.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AHMEDABAD: Four people were rescued even as some were feared trapped after two building blocks constructed under a government housing scheme nearly two decades ago collapsed in Odhav locality on Sunday, officials said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
However, the schools will have to make arrangements to make up for the lost class hours," said secretary of West Bengal Government Teachers' Association, Saugata Basu.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Minister of State for Home said in 2018, so far, 22 people have lost their lives due to heat wave.	SADNESS	1.0
The valley experienced the season’s first snowfall on Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The maximum temperature was recorded at 39° Celsius in Ranchi on Monday afternoon, over six notches above its normal average during this time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All the Rohingya occupants of the camp have been moved safely to a temporary settlement, police said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Elsewhere it uprooted trees and left a trail of debris strewn across the ground.	SADNESS	1.0
Abe arrived at his office before 6 a.m. and told reporters his government had set up a command centre to coordinate relief and rescue.	OPTIMISM	1.0
It allowed quarrying within 50m of residential localities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Company’s search and rescue team was rushed to the spot from other side of the tunnel.	OPTIMISM	0.9
The India Meteorology Department (IMD) bulletin said, “The deep depression over interior Odisha moved west-northwestwards during past six hours and weakened into a depression and lay centred at Vidarbha.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Low pressure systems over Bay of Bengal, a normal occurrence during this season, attract winds from the high pressure regions over south Indian Ocean.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kolkata will get moderate rain, while some coastal areas are likely to be lashed by heavy rain.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
British tourist Saffron Amis, who was stranded on Gili Trawangan island, said she spent a second night outdoors as aftershocks rattled the region before finally securing space on a boat.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Many persons, including women, children and the elderly trapped in places inaccessible by boats were winched up by defence helicopters and shifted to safety.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Three other trains, including the Chandigarh express, were also affected and delayed for hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People spilled onto the mall and tourists savoured the weather in Shimla as the minimum temperature dipped to about 6.5 degrees C from over 11 degrees C and the maximum temperature which had reached the 20 degrees C mark came down to 12.6 degrees C.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We were sleeping when the train derailed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
LUCKNOW: The cold wave conditions continued unabated in UP on Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many were killed and scores are still missing.	SADNESS	1.0
HYDERABAD: Two wheels of a coach of an express train came off the track near Nizamabad in Telangana today, but no one was injured, Railway officials said.	SURPRISE	0.3
The Trichy district Ricemill, Paddy and Rice Merchants Association members also handed over 16 tonnes of rice worth Rs 7 lakh for the victims to Rajamani.	OPTIMISM	0.7
SHO of Niwadi police station said that Ahirwar had gone to his farm at 9pm on Monday night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The band's drummer was missing.	SADNESS	1.0
NEW DELHI: Around three lakh people were evacuated in Odisha along the eastern coast as the very severe cyclonic storm 'Titli' made a landfall Thursday morning, the Home Ministry said Thursday.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Minimum temperature was one degree Celsius in Almora, minus 3 degrees Celsius in Pithoragarh, and minus 1 degree Celsius in Bageshwar.	SURPRISE	1.0
Chennai was one of the most major cities to be affected by the tsunami.	SADNESS	0.5
The agency estimated the volcano lost between 150 and 180 million cubic metres of material as massive amounts of rock and ash have been slowly sliding into the sea following a series of eruptions.	SURPRISE	1.0
The government will bear the expenses of those injured," revenue minister Badal Choudhury said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, he could not make it to the hospital and died on the way.	SADNESS	1.0
We have lost loved ones, including our bassist and manager...and others are missing."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Hong Kong Security Minister John Lee Ka-chiu urged residents to prepare for the worst.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Mizoram Disaster Management Authority and the Disaster Management and Rehabilitation department had received a warning that the cyclone was most likely to lash Mizoram on Tuesday and Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
IMPHAL/NEW DELHI: Massive relief and rescue operations have been launched in Manipur where a strong 6.8 magnitude earthquake yesterday claimed eight lives, shattered buildings and caused panic even as the National Crisis Management Committee met to review the situation.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
They were taken to a private hospital for treatment and their condition is stated to be stable.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
Just how much rain the systems brought in can be gauged from districtwise statistics.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nagpur and adjoining areas have been experiencing extreme cold conditions since last two days when mercury dipped to 6.1 and 5 degrees," Assistant Meteorologist A S Khan said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Destruction was visible along much of the coastline where waves of up to 2 metres (6 feet) crushed vehicles, felled trees, lifted chunks of metal,, wooden beams and household items and deposited them on roads and rice fields.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Principal S Arulmozhi said, “We roped in the schoolteachers and students as volunteers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The US Pacific Tsunami Warning Center earlier issued a warning saying destructive tsunami waves were possible, but later revised its forecast, saying that there was no tsunami threat from the quake.	SURPRISE	1.0
As a result, 12 EMU trains which were hitherto running on the main line to cater to the needs of Chengalpet/Tirumalpur/Kanchipuram commuters are diverted on the dedicated suburban lines," the statement said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The office was destroyed in the fire and it is suspected that many files and documents were also gutted.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
KOCHI: A youngman was killed when an Indian merchant vessel, MV Nalini, caught fire 14.5 nautical miles southwest off Kochi on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
A powerful earthquake triggered a landslide that engulfed houses on Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early on Thursday, television footage showed, injuring and trapping dozens of people and cutting power to millions across Hokkaido.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Large scale relief and rescue operations were carried out by Mi-17 V5 and Mi-17 helicopters from detachments at Pokhara and Kathmandu.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Shop windows were taped up and the normally traffic-clogged streets were deserted as the storm drew nearer.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Heavy rains continued to batter Kerala, claiming the lives of 26 more people on Thursday as floods and landslides ravaged the region in what is being described as the worst disaster to visit the coastal state in living memory.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
The defence ministry said it had sent in 120 soldiers to help the rescue.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The railway station was cleared for train movement after an hour.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is not the first time that a train has derailed at the station.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The missing jawans are feared dead, said a defence spokesperson on Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
A major quake measuring 7.6 had killed over 40,000 people on both sides of the Line of Control on October 8, 2005.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Indonesia, one of the most disaster-prone nations on earth, straddles the so-called Pacific 'Ring of Fire', where tectonic plates collide and a large portion of the world's volcanic eruptions and earthquakes occur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a precaution, approximately 1,450 people have been evacuated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities said the death toll was expected to rise as rescuers were struggling to reach far-flung locations where hundreds of people were trapped on terraces of homes, atop tall buildings and, in one case, in a marooned church.	SADNESS	0.5
Commend the valiant efforts of fire-fighters and those in rescue ops #PresidentKovind	OPTIMISM	1.0
Also, the drivers did not attempt to jump off the locomotive when the crash was imminent.	SURPRISE	1.0
A preliminary probe revealed that the fire may have started from the air conditioning system due to a short circuit.	SURPRISE	1.0
"The medical condition of L/N Hanamanthappa is critical but all attempts are being made to evacuate him to the Army Research &amp; Referral Hospital (in New Delhi) on Tuesday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said 223 people have lost their lives since August 8.	SADNESS	1.0
Railways minister Suresh Prabhu tweeted about the mishap, saying that he is personally monitoring the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told Kompas TV that the quake strongly jolted Mataram, the capital of West Nusa Tenggara province, and may have caused damage there.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
The truck driver died in the accident and his helper was admitted to a hospital in Purulia.	SADNESS	0.8
However, chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan termed these charges baseless.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said many private hospitals in Ernakulam district are running out of oxygen, forcing the authorities to shift patients to nearbyfacilities.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
"The government will strive to get hold of what is needed on the ground and take every possible measure so that people can return to a normal, safe life as soon as possible," Suga told a news conference.	SADNESS	1.0
“We spoke about the Kerala flood which has affected lakhs of people.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident occurred around 2.40am when the train collided with a dumper.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
READ ALSO: Stranded pregnant woman in flood-hit Kerala airlifted, gives birth	OPTIMISM	0.6
The schools, which were scheduled to reopen after summer vacation on June 18, would now open from June 21, said School and Mass Education Department Secretary PK Mohapatra.	SURPRISE	0.3
On August 2, four coaches of the Delhi-Lucknow Shatabdi Express split away from the train	SURPRISE	0.4
The state is an exception in that it does not have a single battalion of the state disaster response force (SDRF), which is mandatory as per the rules to tackle natural calamities.	SURPRISE	0.7
Less than half of Japan's public schools have air conditioning, and the figure is only slightly higher at public kindergartens.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The weakening of southwest monsoon and blowing of westerly hot winds from Central India has led to the rise in temperature in the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Morning brought hope with it and we finally reached Marhi safely."	JOY	0.7
We welcomed the move.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All these 11 persons rescued by NDRF teams are Nepalese citizens, the release said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We hope the miracle continues.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
IMPHAL/NEW DELHI: Massive relief and rescue operations have been launched in Manipur where a strong 6.8 magnitude earthquake yesterday claimed eight lives, shattered buildings and caused panic even as the National Crisis Management Committee met to review the situation.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
However, these cyclones did not affect Kanyakumari as they traversed across Tamil Nadu, north of 10°N latitude, before emerging into the Arabian sea.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The U.S. Geological Survey said it struck some 68 km (42 miles) southeast of Sapporo, Hokkaido's main city.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“For people venturing out of airconditioned rooms, it is advisable to switch on the AC in the car and allow the heat trapped inside the vehicle to escape by rolling down the windows before embarking, to avoid the adverse impact of heat,” said Dr Nilay Thakor, head of the medicine department at MK Shah Medical College.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, the unusually high temperatures are delaying sowing activities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As part of its pre-cyclone preparedness, the Odisha government has evacuated over 3 lakh people living in low-lying areas of the five coastal districts ahead of the landfall.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
At least eight people had died by late yesterday, reports said.	SADNESS	1.0
The other injured were taken to Rae Bareli, about 80 km from the state capital Lucknow, for treatment, officials said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The 10-member delegation, which includes Uttar Pradesh deputy chief minister Dinesh Sharma, was among others who were rushed out in their night clothes from Amba Hotel in Charing Cross area of London at around 2am local time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the state, the temperature at this time of the year is usually around the 36°C-mark.	SURPRISE	1.0
"There is about 47% probability of maximum temperatures in the core HW (heatwave) zone during the 2017 pre-monsoon season to be above normal," it had said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A magnitude 6.4 quake hit Lombok on July 29, killing 16 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The maximum temperature in the city on Wednesday was 37.1°C, which was 0.3 degrees above normal, while the minimum temperature was 27.4°C.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We slept in a bungalow until another quake hit us at midnight and then we moved to the beach," she said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Authorities said the death toll was expected to rise as rescuers were struggling to reach far-flung locations where hundreds of people were trapped on terraces of homes, atop tall buildings and, in one case, in a marooned church.	SADNESS	0.5
He said the southern state received 170 per cent more precipitation than its normal from August 1 to August 17.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The tremors were felt strongly in the Valley, with people rushing out of buildings and vehicles.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The train, which was coming from Aswan to Cairo, was derailed and two of its compartments overturned near el-Shennaweya village in Beni Suef, security officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
But the Centre is pointing out certain technical difficulties to make such an announcement.	SURPRISE	0.7
It is located just a few meters from Nandaram market where a fire raged for over 100 hours ten years ago.	SURPRISE	1.0
Officials from coastal areas earlier reported the deaths mostly from offshore islands of southwestern Barisal region with the highest toll recorded in Barguna district, the worst affected area where the storm levelled hundreds of thatched houses and standing crops and uprooted trees.	SADNESS	1.0
Another eight people, who were travelling in a bus of Teesta Urja Limited, are presumed dead as their vehicle got stuck under the debri of a landslide caused by the 6.8 magnitude tremblor last evening, Major General S L Narasimhan, GOC 17 Mountain Division, told reporters here.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The IMD, however, has forecast heavy rains at several places in Ernakulam, Pathanamthitta and Alappuzha districts, even as 22 deaths were reported on Saturday and the toll since August 8 rose to 196.	SADNESS	0.8
Normal is the mean temperature of 30 years.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tirupur: A major fire broke out on dried up Vattamalaikarai reservoir filled with bushes and vegetation near Vellakoil on Sunday.	SURPRISE	1.0
The goods train was carrying fertilizer from Saharanpur. side and returned around2:30pm.” said Kumar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is a posh residential building in Dadar area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the first of these, Rajya Rani Express was derailed on April 15, 2017 near Rampur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: 'Operation Maitri', the massive rescue and relief operation initiated by India in Nepal following the April 25 earthquake, came to an end today.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Delhi, which recorded five years' lowest yesterday at 2.6 degree C, got some respite with the minimum temperature settling at 4.8 degree Celsius, while dense fog enveloped the city, delaying 98 trains and several flights.	SURPRISE	1.0
Admitting that open access to tracks is a major cause of accidents, Jatinder Singh Bawa, deputy superintendent of police, Government Railway Police, Ferozepur said while negligence precipitated many disasters, most accidents take place when people cross tracks carelessly.	DISGUST	1.0
Kanke, which recorded a minimum temperature of one degree c in December also, will continue to reel under cold conditions for a couple of more days, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two deaths were reported from Burdwan.	SADNESS	1.0
Several media outlets use offices in the compound, and at least three national news channels were affected by the fire, including Bennett Coleman and Co's Times Now and ET Now.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
East coast railway (ECoR) sources said 15th, 16th and 17th wagons from the rear side of the train got affected in the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The fire was immediately controlled and extinguished.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities warned of flooding around midday local time when waters could reach 2.5 metres above road level.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
A de facto shutdown of the capital of the free world.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Director of meteorological centre, Bikram Singh, said, “The present conditions are likely to continue for at least next five days with maximum temperatures in both hills and plains settling almost 5-6 notches above normal.”	SADNESS	1.0
We have no other option than to ask parents to make their kids share beds or take them elsewhere.”	SURPRISE	1.0
Two passengers got injured when they jumped from the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
NDRF teams have been deployed in the worst-hit Tamenglong district, epicentre of the quake, while another is on standby in Silchar in Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
As it was tossed into the air by the impact, the coach's undercarriage separated and was smashed under the base of the road bridge by the loco of the Uttar Banga Express.	SURPRISE	0.8
Beachside cottages at one resort were flattened while the dining room's mud-caked floor was strewn with smashed chairs and tables, utensils and spilled cups of ice cream.	SURPRISE	1.0
Areas like Habibpur, Bamangola, Chanchal and Sujapur are shivering under the cold spell.	SURPRISE	1.0
Sources in the weather department said that westerly to northwesterly winds are blowing over the state, bringing dry and hot air.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Efforts are on to clear roads blocked by uprooted trees and restore power supply in affected areas at the earliest, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Sanjay, who also put a letter on the official twitter handle of chief minister Yogi, told TOI, “We have already sent a letter through registered post to chief minister following that I got a message on my mobile on November 21 that we can follow the status of our letter on ‘Janlokvani’ portal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, a probe is on to know the exact reason behind the derailment.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Packed house boats and rafts moving through inundated roads could be seen in all the flood-hit regions of the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"There were 26 families who had sought refuge in the mosque, a majority of them Hindus.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
The teams have been equipped for assisting the state government authorities in launching quick relief, rescue, medical aid and food distribution tasks in both daytime and at night," NDRF director general Sanjay Kumar told PTI.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In a WhatsApp video, a stranded woman with her six- year-old child was seen pleading for help.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
Over 54,000 people were rescued in Ernakulam district, mainly in Paravur and Aluva taluks which had witnessed heavy rains and severe water logging in the past two days.	SADNESS	0.6
Instead, office of the relief commissioner denied deaths due to cold as reported in media on Monday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Only around two months ago, Jangalmahal guerrillas had engineered a train crash in West Midnapore district that killed 149 passengers.	SADNESS	1.0
"The lack of a tsunami early warning system caused a lot of victims because people did not have the time to evacuate," he said.	SURPRISE	0.8
Most of the casualties were the result of asphyxiation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The train travelling from Azamgarh to Delhi collided with a dumper at around 2:50 am between Pata and Achhalda railway stations, a spokesperson for the North Central Railway (NCR) said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
NDRF teams have been deployed in the worst-hit Tamenglong district, epicentre of the quake, while another is on standby in Silchar in Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The State Disaster Management Authority has cautioned people to take necessary precautionary measures in view of the extreme weather.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No casualty has been reported.	OPTIMISM	0.4
People in relief shelters also complained about dearth of food and drinking water.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
Surveying some of the flood-affected areas on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi sanctioned Rs 500 crore as immediate aid to the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The power line was hanging loose after the cable snapped, so supply on the line was affected for hours.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No deaths have been reported until now, they said.	SADNESS	1.0
They added these conditions are likely to continue in the state for the next 48 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Helplines have also been set up at Tatanagar (0657) 2290324, 2290074, 2290382, at Rourkela (0661) 2511155, Chakradharpur (06587) 238072 and Jharsuguda (06445) 270977.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
learnt that a pointsman at Sonkhamb railway station had alerted authorities about the ‘quivering’ wheel of AC2 coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"As people are returning homes following improvement in weather conditions, food will not be provided in the relief camps in these districts anymore," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Within seconds of the warning, there was a huge bang as the Uttar Banga Express loco slammed into the rear of Vananchal Express.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As the incident happened inside the yard, train services were not affected.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANATHAPURAM: With a mosque opening its portals to distressed Hindus and Muslims cleaning temples, the murderous monsoon seems to have washed away the barriers of religious differences in rain-ravaged Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.8
According to reports received from Manipur government, 8 people lost their lives and 88 were injured due to earthquake, an official statement said in Delhi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Local authorities are already with them and taking care of all arrangements to make everyone feel at home," he said.	JOY	1.0
A 'medium danger' avalanche warning was issued for the higher areas of Jammu and Kashmir on Friday morning and people were advised to not venture into these areas.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Teams drawn from different areas, including electricians and plumbers, have also been deployed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But the country still suffers major fires.	SURPRISE	1.0
The IMD has also predicted damage to thatched hut, roads, crops and minor damage to power and communication lines in Gajapati, Ganjam, Khordha, Nayagarh and Puri districts at the time of landfall.	SADNESS	1.0
He also warned that islanders should remain on alert as rainfall was forecast in the region, which could trigger fresh landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Heavy to very heavy rainfall is also likely to occur at some places in Balangir, Bararh, Jharsuguda, Sambalpur, Sundargarh, Keonjhar and Mayurbhanj districts till the morning of Saturday, it said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
A team of Jammu and Kashmir Police was immediately dispatched to the region, which rescued four of Dav’s co-skiers and hospitalised them.	OPTIMISM	1.0
However, disaster management officials said it was a minor fire controlled on time.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Power supply and telephone links got disrupted and road communication snapped due to uprooted trees at many places of Gajapati district, the SRC said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The casualties have occurred mostly in the North District and in towns and villages like Rangpo, Dikchu, Singtam and Chungthang located along the course of Teesta river, officials said.	SADNESS	0.0
An average of 20 typhoons and storms lash the Philippines each year, killing hundreds of people and leaving millions in near-perpetual poverty.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The goods train was carrying fertilizer from Saharanpur. side and returned around2:30pm.” said Kumar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The soldier, with a faint pulse, was found under 25-feet of snow and was rushed to a "warm tent" in the location to stabilise him with the help of doctors.	SURPRISE	1.0
The 2,500 mm is just for this season alone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
So far, the general public from the district, over the course of the past few days, have donated relief materials like clothing, medicines and food, amounting to more than Rs 30 lakh.	OPTIMISM	0.8
One passenger told Apple Daily Taiwan that the train had been shaking during the journey.	SURPRISE	1.0
"Although, it will take time to restore the flood-affected areas, the subsiding water level at major rivers has brought relief to the people.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Amateur footage shown by local TV stations, which could not immediately be authenticated by Reuters, showed waters crashing into houses along Palu's shoreline, scattering shipping containers and flooding into a mosque in the city.	SURPRISE	1.0
Landslides near Vythiri bus station and the Ninth hairpin curve on Thamarassery Ghat Road disrupted traffic on August 9	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The highest maximum temperature in the state was recorded in Banda at 45.6 degrees Celsius.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
This resulted in very-heavy rainfall in the islands.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The police have booked Hratesh Sanghvi, Jigar Sanghvi and Abhijeet Manka of C Grade Hospitality, which manages the pub, along with others, under various charges including cuplable homicide not amounting to murder, reported PTI.	ANGER	1.0
“We are unable to stay indoors or go out.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railway Manager, Nagpur, Central Railway, Somesh Kumar, who led the operations to salvage the situation, admitted the broken wheel could have lead to derailment.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The firemen managed to rescue another 20 persons stranded in the smoke-spewing residential building with several families living there.	OPTIMISM	1.0
TV channels telecast disturbing visuals of a woman in labour being pulled up with the help of a rope dropped down from a Navy chopper, swinging violently in the air.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Delhi's air quality remained "poor" across 18 monitoring stations with 281 Air Quality Index on a scale of 0 to 500, while on Tuesday was 285.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The city of Shenzhen also canceled all flights between Sunday and early Monday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BAREILLY: A “human error” by two railway officials tore apart the family of Sohan Lal on October 25 and turned their world upside down.	SADNESS	1.0
It has also issued an amber-colour alert for east Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and the Vidharbha region of Maharashtra.	SURPRISE	1.0
Director General, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) Sanjay Kumar said more than 35 NDRF teams were airlifted in 2017 for rescue operations in flood-hit areas, leading to the rescue of over 3,000 people and evacuation of more than 1 lakh.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Icy winds have been sweeping the region for some days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Lohegaon too the temperature came down to 40.6° celsius from Sunday’s 41.8° celsius.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Fishing boats are already being using for the mission.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many trains from and through have been cancelled and diverted due to flood and landslides in Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Graper called it the most ``violent'' earthquake he's experience in his 20 years in Anchorage.	SADNESS	1.0
The district magistrate said for any emergency situation, people could call the toll free 1077 for help.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The city had witnessed a minimum of 5.5 degree Celsius in 1968 on December 29.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Environmentalists said instead of making more stringent regulations to mitigate the impact of climate change, irregular rainfall and cloud bursts, the state relaxed quarrying rules.	SURPRISE	0.3
Kerala has 15 taluks under zone-I, two in zone-II and eight within Zone-III.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Come home soon, honey," he wrote in the caption of the photo, which was posted Sunday.	SADNESS	1.0
"There had been variation in the winds... light rains which would bring the much-needed respite are only likely around May 31 and not before that as was being expected earlier," Mahesh Palawat, Skymet Director, told IANS.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many remained traumatised by the disaster.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
At least 21 passengers were injured and have been rushed to the hospital, a spokesperson of NCR said.	SADNESS	0.6
Restoration of the overhead wires started after this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wayanad, among the worst-hit by the floods, is cut off from the rest of Kerala.	SADNESS	0.6
More than 15,300 people had been evacuated in northern provinces by Friday afternoon, the Office of Civil Defense said.	SADNESS	1.0
Radharani Das, 106, a resident of Birampore village died at her home.	SADNESS	1.0
Many had to be evacuated after flood water entered hospitals.	SURPRISE	0.5
He informed railway officials and stopped the train anticipating danger ahead.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Underwater I could only pray 'Jesus Christ help!'," Zack, a crew member of the rock band Seventeen, said in an Instagram post describing how he struggled in the water.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
According to Malda SP Bhuban Chandra Mandal, one person died at Chhatia village under Bamangola police station.	SADNESS	1.0
The lowest temperature recorded in Hyderabad was 7.1 degree Celsius in 1966 and last year’s lowest was 10.9 degrees C,” he said.As	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nine of the coaches which were not damaged in the blast took the injured and the other passengers to Kharagpur where they were admitted to hospital.	SADNESS	0.6
Indonesia's Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency issued a tsunami warning after the quake struck, saying small waves were possible.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Earlier on Thursday, 22 bodies were recovered from Teknaf shore.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Vijayan said there have been demands from various quarters to declare the floods as a national calamity.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: In what is nothing short of a miracle, one of the 10 soldiers buried in the avalanche at the Sonam post in the Siachen glacier last Wednesday was found alive in the rescue operations at the 19,600-feet altitude on Monday.	OPTIMISM	1.0
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Nugroho declined to give an official death toll.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Indian Meteorological Department says there will be little respite from heavy rains for the next 48 hours, till August 19.	JOY	0.4
Western disturbance in the Himalayan region by mid-June is likely to bring rain and thunderstorm.”	JOY	0.7
However, there were no reports of any casualty.	OPTIMISM	0.6
https://t.co/xaXZkmMkgC— Devendra Fadnavis (@Dev_Fadnavis) 1512226766000 "Maharashtra will completely look after everyone till weather permits them to go back," he said.	JOY	1.0
“Absence of clouds is facilitating uninterrupted radiation, which is helping the temperatures rise," said K Sathi Devi, head of the National Weather Forecasting Centre at the IMD in New Delhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to IMD, Thursday may see slight respite with trace of slight rains at some parts, but only towards evening and maximum temperatures will still hover around 40 to 43 degrees.	OPTIMISM	0.2
The Mughal road, which connects Jammu’s Poonch and Rajouri districts with Kashmir’s Shopian, also remained shut due to snowfall on Peer ki Gali and higher reaches en route to Kashmir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NGOs have joined 52 teams of the Army, Air Force, Navy, Coast Guard and NDRF in relief and rescue operations in flood-ravaged Kerala but it became evident on Thursday that the scale of the disaster was greater than the current efforts to cope with it.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
HELPLINE NUMBERS	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With a huge raincloud band 900 kilometers (560 miles) wide, combined with seasonal monsoon rains, the typhoon dumped intense rain that could set off landslides and flash floods.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
It said that inspectors would have identified the collapsed ground and stopped the train before it reached that section of track.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two trawlers have drowned off the Sundarbans while six trawlers and four mechanised boats have capsized off Digha.	SADNESS	1.0
Later, diesel engines were roped in to clear the route.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On August 20, they transferred an initial sum of Rs 25 lakh towards CM’s distress relief funds.	OPTIMISM	0.7
“Many corporates are 100% matching the employee’s donation and this has helped.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The goods train was carrying fertilizer from Saharanpur. side and returned around2:30pm.” said Kumar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The maximum temperature in Srinagar settled at 10.8 degrees Celsius, a drop of almost 10 degrees since yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Among those killed was six-year-old school boy who lost consciousness on his way back from a field trip.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Several tall ladders have been moved into the area to access the top floors of the market," said a senior fire department official.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Storm warnings have been raised in almost all the provinces across the Luzon, including the capital, Manila, restricting sea and air travel.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
After preliminary treatment at BPCL's first aid centre, 22 of them were allowed to go home, whereas 21 were shifted to nearby hospital in Chembur, he said.	SADNESS	1.0
It had sought an interim assistance of Rs 2,600 crore from the Centre, besides a special package of a similar amount under the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
President Ram Nath Kovind tweeted about the incident: Disturbing news about the fire in Mumbai.	SADNESS	1.0
(AFP) Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other central leaders on Thursday to request more help.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
He claimed that there was 3,368 mm rain that year and only 2,500 mm this time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Dozens of injured people were being treated in makeshift medical tents set up outdoors, TV images The quake and tsunami caused a power outage that cut communications around Palu.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The disaster added to a string of deadly blazes that have plagued China despite official efforts to improve public safety over the past two decades.	SURPRISE	1.0
The quake occurred at 4.37 pm at a depth of 10 km and had a magnitude of 3.8, NCS said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
That day, Idukki, one of the worst-hit districts, was battered with 266mm of rain, more than 13 times the normal for the day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Her family said as soon as the fire broke out she called her daughter who lives in Mahalaxmi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A team of Jammu and Kashmir Police was immediately dispatched to the region, which rescued four of Dav’s co-skiers and hospitalised them.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Vehicular movement was normal in the state capital.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government today extended the summer vacation in schools by three more days owing to the intense heat, an education department official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Former chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on Twitter, “Very unfortunate.	SADNESS	1.0
The deceased include an elderly woman identified as Subhadha Shelke (62) and three men.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Vijayan earlier said in a Facebook post that Kerala is striving together as one to overcome the "catastrophic" floods with "monumental strength".	OPTIMISM	0.9
Chandra Prabha Bordoloi, along with three other women from Morigaon and Darrang districts who went to Kerala's Chengannur as part of NEDFi delegation to showcase products made of water hyacinth earlier this month, reached here on Wednesday after spending a harrowing time for almost of a week since the deluge devastated the state.	JOY	0.4
Authorities have directed each of these fuel bunks to keep in reserve 3,000 litres of diesel and 1,000 litres of petrol at all times for relief operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources in the weather department said that westerly to northwesterly winds are blowing over the state, bringing dry and hot air.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
train was running four hours late when the accident happened at about 8am, and later left Nagpur station at 4.15pm, 12 hours behind schedule, with a replacement coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Four tenders doused the flames and the electricity to the building has been severed,” said a fireman.	OPTIMISM	0.9
ISTANBUL: A passenger train derailed in northwestern Turkey, killing two dozen people and injuring more than 300 others, officials said Monday.	SADNESS	1.0
MUMBAI: A major fire broke out at a guest house near Premier Talkies in Parel on Monday evening.	SURPRISE	1.0
On August 20, Tundla-Delhi MEMU wheels got locked after its axle got jammed creating smoke and fire near Chamrola station.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Another eight people, who were travelling in a bus of Teesta Urja Limited, are presumed dead as their vehicle got stuck under the debri of a landslide caused by the 6.8 magnitude tremblor last evening, Major General S L Narasimhan, GOC 17 Mountain Division, told reporters here.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Most of these victims are employed in construction sites in and around the city and lived with their family at the makeshift thatched huts.	SADNESS	0.8
With the conclusion of Saturday’s search operation, the death toll in the accident rose to 12.	SADNESS	1.0
No injury or casualty has been reported, official sources said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Debnarayan Ruidas, the cobbler, died while sleeping on the pavement in front of Curzon Gate on Wednesday night.	SADNESS	1.0
Passengers of the train were immediately transported to their destinations by the Railway authorities, they said.	JOY	0.4
The Philippines and Indonesia are both on the Pacific "Ring of Fire", a horse-shoe shaped band of volcanoes and fault lines circling the edges of the Pacific Ocean.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The minister has also made the request to private schools affiliated to other boards to close for extreme heat.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The family members were sleeping during the incident," he added.	SADNESS	1.0
A section of Anak Krakatoa’s crater collapsed after an eruption and slid into the ocean, generating the tsunami a week ago.	SURPRISE	1.0
So far 327 aftershocks with 4 or more magnitude have been recorded after the April 25 earthquake.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The 17-storey building did not have the mandatory Occupation Certificate granted by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), but it was already occupied by around 58 flat owners, according to the civic body.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the first phase of the 72-km long elevated Metro project at Miyapur station here on November 28 last year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Another said an elderly relative Mary Varghese was badly in need of an oxygen cylinder and her condition was worsening.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Khan was part of a four-member group, the rest of which skidded to safety, cops added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
One NDRF team each has been deployed in Kalahandi, Rayagada, Gajapati, Puri, Nayagarh and Kandhamal districts with 17 boats and other emergency equipment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With the southwest monsoon trough falling weak, its onset over the state has already been delayed for over a week now.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I pray that thos… https://t.co/8J8Q9Efeua— PMO India (@PMOIndia) 1514519392000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A powerful earthquake triggered a landslide that engulfed houses on Japan's northern island of Hokkaido early on Thursday, television footage showed, injuring and trapping dozens of people and cutting power to millions across Hokkaido.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Train services have been severely affected between Bhubaneswar and Cuttack.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Dozens of filled body bags were hauled away from buildings flattened by Indonesia's volcano-triggered tsunami Monday, as the death toll climbed to 373 and search teams pushed on with the grim hunt for corpses.	SURPRISE	1.0
But several roads, including portions of the Chandigarh-Manali route, remained blocked due to landslides and snowfall.	SURPRISE	0.8
RPF head constable Pramod Daine then came across the broken wheel, and alerted the loco-pilot and guard.	SURPRISE	0.4
Moradabad divisional railway manager AK Singhal said, "We have set up three teams to probe into the matter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, a probe is on to know the exact reason behind the derailment.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Here are the key developments: * Chief minister Amarinder Singh on Saturday ordered a magisterial inquiry into the train accident after visiting injured and kin of those killed in the tragedy.	SADNESS	1.0
The only resident of the building who died was retired banker Shubhada Shirke (65) who lived alone on the same floor.	SADNESS	1.0
P S Rawat, paediatrician at GDMCH, said, “Children are more vulnerable to diseases during summer season.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The maximum temperature was about three degrees above normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The area is prone to frequent avalanches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indian navy and rescue personnel evacuate local residents in a boat at Aluva.	OPTIMISM	0.6
"Bodies of victims were found in several places, because they were hit by the rubble of collapsing buildings or swept away by the tsunami ... but we are still collecting data," Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman said on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
THIRUVANATHAPURAM: With a mosque opening its portals to distressed Hindus and Muslims cleaning temples, the murderous monsoon seems to have washed away the barriers of religious differences in rain-ravaged Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.8
In the third derailment, a locomotive returning to Bareilly from Aonla station derailed in Bisaratganj on Monday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Surojit Karpurokayastha said that according to preliminary investigation, fish plates were found removed at the derailment site.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Everyone is working very seriously,” the AAI chief said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police said that the matter came to fore when they received a PCR call at 8.50 pm, soon after which the fire officials were informed and three fire tenders were rushed to the spot.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Khajuraho in Chattarpur district recorded the coldest temperature in the state at 2 degree Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
Specially trained Avalanche Rescue Teams have been deployed to rescue them," the official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some places may get light to medium showers," it said.	JOY	1.0
The derailment took place at a spot, 150 km from Kolkata.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOLKATA: In a massive rescue operation that continued till late on Saturday, troops of the Army's Blazing Sword Division rescued 127 tourists at the historic Sela Pass near Tawang.	JOY	0.4
Station master of Mauzampur station, Jaipal Singh said, “The train was on its way to Lucknow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While two are passenger trains, 24 are mail/express trains, the officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No, says Union gov, it is below our dignity to accept foreign aid.	SURPRISE	0.4
"The government will strive to get hold of what is needed on the ground and take every possible measure so that people can return to a normal, safe life as soon as possible," Suga told a news conference.	SADNESS	1.0
The Centre had yesterday released Rs 600 crore assistance to the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
5 of the 13 derailed coaches fell on an adjacent track and were hit by a goods train coming from the opposite direction, Additional Superintendent of Police, Jhargram, Mukesh Kumar said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to local police, the deceased has been identified as 48-year-old Govind Joshi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Other trains which were halted included the Varanasi-Okha Express, Mumbai Central-Okha Saurashtra Mail, Dehradun-Okha Uttaranchal Express, Okha-Mumbai Central Saurashtra Mail, Hapa-Santragachi holiday special, Nathdwara-Okha, Howrah Porbandar and Jamnagar-Bandra Saurashtra Janta Express.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mist is floating droplets in air and ground moisture,” he said.A	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Due to this incident, Madurai-Chennai Vaigai Express and Intercity Express trains and Trichy-Karaikudi, Trichy-Dindigul and Trichy- Rameswaram passenger trains were delayed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Lohegaon too the temperature came down to 40.6° celsius from Sunday’s 41.8° celsius.	OPTIMISM	0.3
As the incident happened inside the yard, train services were not affected.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“I don’t think children can sit for long hours in schools in this searing hot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Then, on August 16, the state was pounded with 137mm of rain, more than 10 times the normal for the day.	SURPRISE	0.8
Lt. Gen. D R Soni, the chief of the Army's Southern Command, told a press conference in Thiruvananthapuram that rescue operations were still continuing and drones being used to help reach people trapped in areas that are not easily accessible.	SURPRISE	0.3
Officials said the fire started on the 12th floor, where two flats have been amalgamated and renovation work was going on.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
What we need now is to evaluate the total loss and get an equivalent assistance from the Centre.	SADNESS	0.2
As the cyclonic storm made a landfall, it brought heavy to very heavy rainfall in some places in Gajapati, Ganjam, Puri, Rayagada, Kalahandi, Koraput, Malkangiri and Nabarangpur districts of the state, officials said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Thousands of people are staying in tents and temporary shelters like mosques or schools, with dozens sleeping on the floor and using public facilities.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Disaster Management and Rehabilitation Department officials said the rains had triggered landslides in many places.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
A landslide along a long ridge in the rural town of Atsuma could be seen in aerial footage from public broadcaster NHK.	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: The national capital continued to reel under a heat wave as the maximum temperature settled at 43.6 degrees Celsius, three degrees above the season's average.	SURPRISE	1.0
This was in contrast to 549 deaths caused by heatwaves in 2014 and 1433 in 2013.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
NEW DELHI: Over 3,500 people died due to heat wave in the country in the last three years, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju told the Lok Sabha today.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Gas company Cadent said that while it has repaired the leak, it is now doing essential safety checks on the surrounding buildings.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a result, 12 EMU trains which were hitherto running on the main line to cater to the needs of Chengalpet/Tirumalpur/Kanchipuram commuters are diverted on the dedicated suburban lines," the statement said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Strong aftershocks continued to rock the coastal city on Saturday morning after waves up to two metres (six feet) high swept through the scenic tourist town, triggered by a 7.5 magnitude earthquake on land.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"The body is pinned underneath.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
But state broadcaster RTP says wind speeds reached 170 kph (105 mph) in the coastal town of Figueira da Foz, 200 kilometers (125 miles) north of Lisbon.	SURPRISE	1.0
KOLKATA- An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hit parts of Assam, Meghalaya, Bihar and West Bengal on Wednesday, an India Meteorological Department official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
For instance, New Delhi’s temperature on Friday was 36.2°C, while Shivajinagar in Pune touched 38.6°C and Lohegaon recorded 40.1°C.	SURPRISE	1.0
The airport was shut on August 15 after severe flooding and was expected to open on August 26 afternoon.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The valley experienced the season’s first snowfall on Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to police, gangmen spotted the damaged tracks and informed senior officials.	SURPRISE	0.9
August rainfall in the state so far has been 2.5 times the normal for the period, with Idukki district breaking a 111-year record for highest rainfall in the month.	SADNESS	0.3
Amritsar train accident: At least 50 killed, several injuredAt least 50 people were killed on Friday evening after a crowd of Dussehra revellers that had spilled onto railway tracks while watching burning of Ravana effigy was run over by a train near here, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“From August 1 to August 20, Idukki station received around 70mm to 110mm of heavy rain in five days, close to 120mm to 200mm of very heavy rain for three days and extremely heavy rain (over 200mm) on two days,” Guhathakurta said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“But 75% of the funds came from Microsoft and Apple employees,” added Ashley.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indian Air Force's C-17 Globemaster-III arrived at Palam airport carrying the last of Indian contingents of the operation from Nepal, a defence ministry spokesperson said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nugroho later apologised for the mistake on Twitter, saying because there was no earthquake it had been difficult to ascertain the cause of the incident early on.	SURPRISE	1.0
The spokesman added that the Army commander had conveyed his condolences to the bereaved family.	SADNESS	0.9
Read also: Damage to crop, property in Kerala floods pegged at Rs 8,000 crore so far	SURPRISE	0.8
RANCHI: The scorching summer heat has returned to the state as the advance of southwest monsoon seems unlikely this week as well.	DISGUST	1.0
There were rains also in Punjab and Uttarakhand.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Local fishermen have also joined in the rescue mission with their boats and could be seen evacuating those marooned in places like Aluva, Kalady, Perumbavoor, Muvattupuzha and Chalakudy.	OPTIMISM	0.9
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday declared the devastating floods in Kerala a "calamity of severe nature" as the state braced for the gigantic task of reconstruction of destroyed infrastructure and rehabilitation of lakhs of people rendered homeless.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Forty-five other people were missing and 33 were injured in the storm.	SADNESS	1.0
It took two days to restore electricity to most of the island of 5.4 million people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Manpreet was partnering an app-based cab aggregator, and used to work mostly in the night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Navy, which has three sailors in its ranks who have their families in Nepal, is also facilitating their journey to Kathmandu.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.4
Services on the Kochi Metro are, however, unaffected.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The soldiers were hit as they patrolled a glacier at an altitude of 5,800 metres (19,000 feet), Colonel S D Goswami said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Renowned tourist destination Munnar remained submerged for the third day, while Sabarimala was cut off with the Pamba river in spate.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With 12 firefighters and a few villagers, it took more than three hours to douse the fire, which had spread across 70 acres,” said a firefighter.	SURPRISE	0.9
Railways are investigating if the tracks were tampered with, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It's unclear how many people were still trapped in the train, said the spokesman, who spoke on customary condition of anonymity.	SADNESS	1.0
Kalaburagi: Two bogies of a goods train derailed, blocking all the platforms at Wadi railway station on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	0.4
Police said rescue operations are underway to locate them, while defence authorities fear they are dead.	SADNESS	1.0
According to authorities, since August 8, 194 people have lost their lives and 357 people have perished since May 29, when the south west monsoon hit the state.	SADNESS	1.0
It broke ou… https://t.co/7JtJt5mWN3— ANI (@ANI) 1534156489000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This year's flood in Kerala has been termed as the worst since 1924.	SURPRISE	0.7
A media ban issued Sunday by the government, citing national security and public order, was lifted Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The team, consisting of six doctors and 10 medical assistants, arrived here from Mumbai and will fly to Nepal tonight, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Those rescued on Saturday were identified as Rashid Naseer Parray and Ghulam Nabi Bhat.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Our heart is in our home state Kerala and our home is in distress.	SADNESS	0.5
Heavy rainfall predicted for the day in all districts except Thiruvanan… https://t.co/02ZUIhHWuy— CMO Kerala (@CMOKerala) 1534588408000	SADNESS	0.3
This is like suddenly dropping a bag of sand in a tub filled with water," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It reported three very heavy and three extremely heavy rainfall spells in August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Unlike a normal Friday night, most of the downtowns, malls and restaurants were deserted and hardly any traffic was seen on the road.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a precautionary measure, distant cautionary signal no-3 has been hoisted in all the ports in Odisha, he added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Normalcy is slowly returning to Nepal five weeks after two deadly earthquakes struck the country, leaving nearly 9,000 people dead and injuring over 21,000.	SADNESS	1.0
Another poster demanded immediate withdrawal of the joint forces from the area.	ANGER	0.6
He has said the Army has conveyed its views to the government which has to take a final decision in that regard.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state has so far received 53.85mm of rain, which is 6.48% of the state average seasonal rainfall of 831 mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Further down the coast preparations were also underway in Zhanjiang, where some villagers feared for the worst.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Concerns over massive storm surges that could be whipped inland by the typhoon's winds prompted wardens to move 143 detainees from a jail in Cagayan's Aparri town to nearby towns, officials said.	SURPRISE	1.0
RANCHI: The scorching summer heat has returned to the state as the advance of southwest monsoon seems unlikely this week as well.	DISGUST	1.0
It soon spread to the Mojo pub one level below, and had engulfed the building in less than 30 minutes	SURPRISE	1.0
People here empathized with the people of Kerala and offered donations.”	OPTIMISM	0.5
In 1883, the volcano, then known as Krakatoa, erupted in one of the biggest blasts in recorded history, killing more than 36,000 people in a series of tsunamis, and lowering the global surface temperature by 1 degree Celsius with its ash.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He applied brakes but the train ploughed into the truck.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Suddenly, the line snapped as the train was crossing the station, and the cable fell on the last coach of the train, which had some passengers.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
This operation went on till about 3.30 pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Stating that the cyclone had extensively damaged the standing crops in many affected areas, the SRC said a loss assessment will be made in the next few days and assistance will be doled out accordingly to the affected farmers.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
All the other soldiers regrettably are no more with us," said Northern Army Command chief Lt-General D S Hooda late on Monday night.	SADNESS	1.0
An enquiry has been initiated in this matter while restoration work was completed with high alert.	OPTIMISM	0.4
However, Vijayan rejected the charges and said the floods and landslides were due to non-seasonal heavy rains experienced by the state from August 8, and not due to the opening of shutters of dams.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific said all of its flights would be canceled between 2:30 a.m. Sunday and 4 a.m. Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Food, water, blankets, and medical aid is trickling into remote areas via inland roads that are choked with traffic.	SURPRISE	0.8
Train was at a slow speed, not many are injured” said Surendra Sahu, who was in the train.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No loss of life or damage to property has been reported so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
However, there were no reports of any casualty.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Video shot sometime Monday by a soldier showed rescuers shouting "Thank God" as a man was pulled from a space under the mosque's flattened roof and staggered away from the ruins supported by soldiers.	JOY	1.0
“With our earlier experience of handling Chennai floods, we volunteered to set up a call centre at Chennai using our Malayali volunteers,” member of advisory board of Bhoomika Trust in Chennai, Latha Subrahmaniam said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sandeep Kumar, deputy commissioner of Kangra in Dharamshala, has instructed deputy directors of elementary and higher education in the district to implement the new timings with immediate effect.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Many times it takes hours to locate the victims of avalanche but it was result of team work that we reached the victim within hour,” Thakur said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
More than 6,000 flights were canceled between yesterday and today and over 4,500 delayed.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
In view of these apprehensions, CIAL decided to extend the date of resuming operations by three more days.	SURPRISE	0.3
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	0.8
#WATCH: Parts of Malkangiri town in Odisha have been flooded following heavy rainfall caused due to cyclonic storm…	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The worst affected places remained Aluva, Chalakudy, Chengannur, Alappuzha and Pathanamthitta, where massive rescue operations continued involving NDRF, army, navy and coast guard.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
“This was caused by human blunder.	SURPRISE	0.7
Patnaik issued direction for cancelling holiday in government offices in Ganjam, Gajapati, Puri, Nayagarh and Khurda districts, which are likely to be hit by fierce winds.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities said at least 426 people were killed and 23 missing in the disaster.	SADNESS	1.0
It seems nature’s fury was not enough that the electricity people have started torturing,” said Madan Mohan Rath, a senior citizen.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities said the quake may have caused some damage.	SADNESS	0.6
At least 14 were killed and 19 others injured in a fire that broke out shortly after midnight on the third floor of a four-storeyed building on Senapati Bapat Marg.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Most of the casualties were the result of asphyxiation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued heat wave warning across Odisha for next 48 hours and forecasted that that there will no respite from the scorching heat till June 22.	SURPRISE	1.0
A fire personnel received burn injuries while trying to douse the flames, he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Helplines have been set up at Kharagpur -- (0322) 255751 and 255735, Howrah - (033) 26382217, besides a toll free number 10722.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In New Delhi, Delhi Metro trains were halted briefly but services were not disrupted, said a Delhi Metro official.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has expressed concern over the accident and has directed state government officials to ensure free treatment to the injured passengers.	SADNESS	0.6
"We are assisting police on the Strand after a ruptured gas main was discovered using detection equipment and high levels of natural gas were detected in the atmosphere.	SURPRISE	1.0
Kerala finance minister T M Thomas Isaac said though the NDM Policy did not put a ban on accepting foreign aid, the Centre has chosen to adopt a "negative stance" to the offer made by the UAE government and it should compensate the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the first phase of the 72-km long elevated Metro project at Miyapur station here on November 28 last year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a result, the Gajraula-Bijnor-Najibabad track remained blocked for five hours.	SURPRISE	0.9
Some passengers have received Injuries and have been shifted to nearby hospitals.I	SADNESS	0.7
The heatwave follows record rainfall that devastated parts of western and central Japan with floods and landslides that killed over 220 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
BIJNOR: A major accident was averted at Bijnor station on Sunday at around 4:30 am when four coaches of a goods train derailed form track during shunting.	SURPRISE	0.6
An all party meeting will be held here tomorrow to take stock of the flood situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While assuring the states of home ministry’s continued assistance, he urged the states to build their own capacities and gradually reduce dependence on the Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Electricity is generator-run on the islands and a further cause of concern is whether diesel stocks will hold on.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several people who stay inside the market at night rushed out to save their lives.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It may rain on Thursday.	JOY	0.9
Hubballi: A goods train carrying petroleum products of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) derailed on the outskirts of Hubballi on Tuesday, disrupting operations of about a dozen passenger trains on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	0.7
Even as heat waves were averted by few notches of mercury in Delhi and surrounding areas, the orange warning -- "severe heat alert for the day" -- continues for Delhi till May 28, including Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, western and eastern Madhya Pradesh, northern Gujarat and Kutch, western Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh sand Vidharba in Maharashtra.	SADNESS	1.0
"If it flattens everything, maybe we need to have some help," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
2010: A 7.5 magnitude quake hit one of the Mentawai islands, off Sumatra, triggering a tsunami of up to 10 metres that destroyed dozens of villages and killed around 300 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The island has been cut off from the mainland for the past two days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
She announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the next of kin of each of the dead and Rs 1 lakh for the injured.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
Pahalgam, also in south Kashmir, recorded rainfall of 64.2 mm of rains since yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The humidity on Thursday oscillated between 27 to 38 per cent.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire brigade recieved a call about the incident at 6.24pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Heat wave conditions are very likely to persist over parts of Northwest India and Central India during May 23 to 27," an official at India Meteorological Department told IANS.	SADNESS	1.0
However, it made up for the delay towars the end of its closing stages, pushing the cumulative rain in Jharkhand in the monsoon months (June 1 to September 30) to recorded at 978.8mm, 10% less than the normal average of 1,092mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Eyewitnesses said the noise was deafening and the earth trembled as if there was an earthquake.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
A team of doctors are looking after him."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Heavy snowfall expected:	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Organizations including Bhoomika Trust, Amritha Institute, IT major Infosys, and other companies like OrisysIndia, Phykon and Sysfore helped the group establish call centres in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode and places outside the state like Bengaluru and Chennai.	OPTIMISM	0.4
SRINAGAR: Five soldiers were trapped at an Army post after multiple avalanches hit Batalik sector in Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir today, an Army official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
According to the Delhi Fire Service (DFS) officer, the fire broke out at 10.14 p.m. on Friday night in a three-storey building in west Delhi's Adarsh Nagar.	SURPRISE	1.0
Choudhury said 125 families in two districts have been shifted to relief camps and the state government has provided relief material and cash dole to families there as immediate help.	OPTIMISM	1.0
However, police are yet to confirm this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The posters read, "We earlier demanded withdrawal of the joint security forces from Jangalmahal (West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia) and end of CPM atrocities, but those demands were not met."	ANGER	0.6
Even then, other parents are being asked to take their kids to private clinics citing lack of space.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I have already proposed to the school education department that schools should be notified about shutting down due to the cold.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
President Pratibha Patil, who is in China, and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed grief over the loss of lives in the incident.	SADNESS	0.4
Narasimhan said army has launched 'Operation Madad' in Gangtok and other areas by deploying over 2,000 troops.	OPTIMISM	0.4
It may or it may not be the case," said Kuldeep Srivastava, scientist at IMD said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Accident Relief Train was rushed to the spot and the obstruction was cleared from both Bengaluru and Gadag line by evening,” they added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It has been unrelenting since then.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mohammad Rahimul Alam from Hojai, who runs a perfume business with his elder brother Rubel Ahmed in Cochin, have helped nearly 300 people from Assam stranded in the flood in different parts of Ernakulam district.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The state, which suffered an estimated loss of Rs 20,000 crore in the deluge, has sought from the Centre a relief package of Rs 2,600 crore under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and the centrally-sponsored programmes.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Ten women and six minors are among the injured, railway officials added.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Farmers claim that the soaring mercury is delaying the sowing of kharif crops, mainly paddy and cotton, with water shortage and errant electricity supply compounding the woes.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Given the nature of injuries, officials expected the death toll to go up.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Amritsar registered the coldest night of the season so far as minimum temperature plummeted three degrees below normal level, MeT officials in Chandigarh said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The track was restored at around 5.50 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Cochin International Airport Pvt Ltd (CIAL) said in a statement: “A meeting was held at CIAL to review the damage control activities at Kochi Airport where most of the stakeholders including airlines and ground handling agencies expressed concern over mobilising manpower.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Other family members were not willing to speak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many residents came forward and donated money, while some offered grains, diapers and other material.”	OPTIMISM	0.8
They would work along with more than 50,000 volunteers to clean houses and public places filled with slush and debris dumped by the floods, officials said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The statement said, "After the incident on July 24 (an accident at St Thomas Mount which claimed five lives), to ensure the safety of passengers, it was decided to review all structures on fast lines between Chennai Egmore and Tambaram section keeping in view the footboard travelling and initiate the work to create additional safety margins, even beyond the mandatory requirement, to augment the safety of passengers."	OPTIMISM	0.4
The statement said these diverted fast EMU services would continue to run on suburban lines with revised timings to accommodate additional stoppages till the identified safety enhancement works are completed on main lines up to Tambaram.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It would continue to move west-north-westwards and weaken gradually into a depression by this afternoon," said official sources on Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With the southwest monsoon trough falling weak, its onset over the state has already been delayed for over a week now.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state capital Gandhinagar saw a maximum of 45.2°C.	SURPRISE	1.0
Anak Krakatoa is one of 127 active volcanoes which run the length of the archipelago.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
PUNE : Day temperatures have breached the 40°C-mark at almost half the locations in the state.	SURPRISE	1.0
The donations were later handed over to the Tiruvallur collectorate and the district administration is co-ordinating with the Kerala government to send the relief material.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We often have disasters, but not as bad as this."	SADNESS	0.9
The PM appreciated the resilience and courage of the people of Indonesia in facing the challenges emanating from the wide spread devastation due to the grave natural calamity, it said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
CHENNAI: Fire destroyed at least 60 thatched huts at the Kasi Viswanathar Koil Kuppam in Ennore on Monday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Heat waves conditions have ended today (on Wednesday) and will not affect the national capital for the next four to five days," said Kuldeep Singh.	JOY	1.0
GURUGRAM: A 28-year-old driver and his passenger were burnt alive inside a CNG retro-fitted Maruti Swift cab which burst into flames after a speeding truck rammed it from behind at Rajiv Chowk, on the Delhi-Gurugram expressway, at around 3am on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Heat wave conditions are very likely to persist over parts of Northwest India and Central India during May 23 to 27," an official at India Meteorological Department told IANS.	SADNESS	1.0
According to the MeT forecast, heat wave conditions are likely to continue at many places in Haryana and at a few places in Punjab from May 23-27.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The agency's head, Dwikorita Karnawati, later told MetroTV that the tsunami warning had ended.	OPTIMISM	1.0
14 dead, several injured in Mumbai building fire14 dead, several injured in Mumbai building fire Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his "anguish" at the incident.	SADNESS	1.0
After the explosion, 13 including 10 sleeper coaches, derailed of which five were hit by the goods train coming on the opposite track.	SURPRISE	0.4
As many as 44 shanties were gutted in the blaze.	SADNESS	1.0
On the other hand, the IMD said that thunderstorm accompanied with gusty winds are very likely at isolated places over North Kerala, coastal Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, Karnataka, Lakshadweep, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and east Rajasthan.	JOY	0.8
The flood situation in Odisha improved marginally Sunday, paving way for the administration to expedite the relief and restoration work, Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) B P Sethi said.	OPTIMISM	0.9
"The rest returned home after taking part in the observance of Bakrid today," he added.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Hisar in Haryana was the hottest place in the two states recording a four degrees above normal maximum temperature, MeT department report said here.	SURPRISE	1.0
It is very likely to continue to move west-northwestwards and weaken further into a well-marked low-pressure area during next 24 hours.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thirty fire engines are at the spot, trying to douse the flames.	SURPRISE	1.0
We know how hard his family is suffering," said Titus.	SADNESS	1.0
Meanwhile, Shivajinagar in Pune recorded 38.7° celsius day temperature, down from Sunday’s 40.7° celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Transport Minister Ahmet Arslan said other trains had used the route earlier Sunday, and that the rain caused extraordinary swelling'' under the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"On Thursday, easterly winds may cause mild dust storm or thundery development but that will not have any effect on the maximum temperatures," Mahesh Palawat, director of private weather forecasting agency Skymet, told IANS.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cable then snapped and fell on the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
They are demanding a government job for one of the children, and adequate compensation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police and their vehicles could not immediately reach the landside-hit area because the ground was unstable and soaked from the heavy rains, regional police chief Rolando Nana told the ABS-CBN TV network.	SURPRISE	0.5
Road communication between Paralakhemundi and Mohana and some other block headquarters in Gajapati had been disrupted under the impact of the cyclone, he said.	SADNESS	1.0
Shops removed from Puri beach	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
This was the third train accident in Mathura district in this month.	SURPRISE	0.5
The Army had earlier virtually given up hope of rescuing alive any of the 10 soldiers whose post in the Northern Siachen Glacier was buried deep under tonnes of crystalised snow when the ice-wall, measuring almost a km wide and 800-m-tall, had collapsed on the post and the adjoining helipad early on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The area was hit earlier Friday by a magnitude 6.1 earthquake that killed one person, injured 10 and damaged dozens of houses.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Peermade weather station in Idukki broke over 100 years of records for 24-hour rainfall.	SURPRISE	0.6
A body blow has been dealt to the scenic state, with its infrastructure, standing crops and tourism facilities severely hit.	SADNESS	0.9
Sources said inadequate safety measures, including easy access to tracks, are responsible for many accidents.	SURPRISE	1.0
Preliminary investigation revealed that warnings from the station master of Gadadharpur as well as Sainthia to the Uttar Banga Express driver M C Dey and co-driver Nirmal Kumar Mondal went unheeded.	SURPRISE	0.8
Over the next few days, IMD has predicted the day temperatures in Pune to hover around 39° celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It has become difficult to survive.”	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Local television reports said passengers were trying to escape through train windows and that bystanders had gathered to help them before rescuers arrived.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The woman, whose amniotic sac was ruptured, was shifted to a Navy hospital where she gave birth to a baby boy.	JOY	0.6
Exposure for small durations may not harmful but over-exposure is an invitation to heatstroke, officials warned.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
As many as 194 people have lost their lives and 36 are missing in Kerala since August 8 due to rains and landslides, while over 3.14 lakh people have been moved to relief camps.	SADNESS	0.8
Follwing the PM’s announcement of relief, Vijayan, tweeted, "As per the initial estimate, the state has suffered a loss of Rs 19,512 crore.	SURPRISE	0.7
With several people yet to be rescued, authorities today issued orders to release private boats and school buses for rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
#KeralaFloods | Rescue operations under way by Rapid Action Force (RAF) in landslides affected areas in Palakkad's… https://t.co/sR3BAGinmu— TOI Kochi (@TOIKochiNews) 1534525230000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The actual loss can be ascertained only after the water recedes in the affected areas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Squally winds very likely along and off Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and West Bengal coasts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake occurred at 4.37 pm at a depth of 10 km and had a magnitude of 3.8, it said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The meteorological department has forecast heavy, incessant rains till Saturday and the situation was worsening in several places, including Kochi where the backwaters are threatening to overflow their banks.	SADNESS	0.7
Apart from Hanamanthappa, the other ill-fated soldiers from the 19 Madras regiment had been identified as: Subedar Nagesha TT (village Tejur, Hassan Dist, Karnataka), Havildar Elumalai M (Dukkam Parai, Vellore Dist, Tamil Nadu), Lance Havildar S Kumar (Kumanan Thozhu, Teni Dist, Tamil Nadu), Lance Naik Sudheesh B (Monroethuruth, Kollam Dist, Kerala), Sepoy Mahesha PN (HD Kote, Mysore Dist, Karnataka), Sepoy Ganesan G (Chokkathevan Patti, Madurai Dist,Tamil Nadu), Sepoy Rama Moorthy N (Gudisatana Palli , Krishna Giri Dist, Tamil Nadu), Sepoy Mustaq Ahmed S (Parnapalle, Kurnool Dist, Andhra Pradesh), and Sepoy Nursing Assistant Suryawanshi SV (Maskarwadi, Satara Dist, Maharashtra).	SADNESS	1.0
Abe arrived at his office before 6 a.m. and told reporters his government had set up a command centre to coordinate relief and rescue.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Similarly, the low temperature were beneficial for pulses, particularly the gram which is in the flowering stage in Madhya Pradesh and already been harvested in some parts of Karnataka and Maharashtra.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“If temperature drops by four degrees below normal on any given day, we declare a cold wave.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescuers were scrambling to pull out the body of a victim from the mound of mud and rocks in Ucab before Tacio left the area Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The cumulative effect of the last nine days' rainfall has left the state battered, leading to floods that are being described as possibly the worst in a century.	SADNESS	0.9
Many residents came forward and donated money, while some offered grains, diapers and other material.”	OPTIMISM	0.8
Director of meteorological centre, Bikram Singh, said, “The present conditions are likely to continue for at least next five days with maximum temperatures in both hills and plains settling almost 5-6 notches above normal.”	SADNESS	1.0
Rescue workers taking stranded people to safer places.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.3
Sanjay, who also put a letter on the official twitter handle of chief minister Yogi, told TOI, “We have already sent a letter through registered post to chief minister following that I got a message on my mobile on November 21 that we can follow the status of our letter on ‘Janlokvani’ portal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We are observing unprecedented levels of heat in some areas," weather agency official Motoaki Takekawa said late Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: A massive fire broke out in a spare parts godown in north Delhi's Mori Gate on Wednesday night, killing its 48-year-old guard and injuring a worker.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
An uprooted tree damaged a pastor's bungalow in south Mizoram's Serkawn village, the headquarters of the Baptist Church of Mizoram.	SURPRISE	0.9
Since August 14, we were confined in a hotel.	SADNESS	0.4
He had suffered 80% burns.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
As the cyclone moves west-northwestwards in the next 48 hours, it is expected to turn into a "very severe cyclonic storm", the weathermen said.	SURPRISE	0.9
According to Navy sources, two sets of siblings from Kalady were rescued and brought to the naval base in Kochi and are waiting to join their parents.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
The battery car track to Shri Mata Cave shrine in Trikuta Hills was closed for pilgrims in view of heavy rain, imminent hailstorms and landslides.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He had also said that if there were any hurdles, the state would approach Prime Minister Narendra Modi to clear them.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, Shivajinagar in Pune recorded 38.7° celsius day temperature, down from Sunday’s 40.7° celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The protesters raised slogans against the state government and demanded action against the train driver.	DISGUST	0.8
The Left Democratic Front (LDF) government was also drawn into another controversy after the opposition Congress-led UDF and BJP alleged that opening of shutters of 44-odd dams without any precaution and warning was the reason for the massive floods the state witnessed.	SURPRISE	0.9
"They have been found alternate accommodation," a senior official from the Indian High Commission in London said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mustard, the key oilseed crop in the season, saw planting at less than 5.01% at 66.60 lakh hectare.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They said the deaths were caused by drowning or the victims were hit by falling trees.	SADNESS	1.0
The epicenter of the quake was 11 km away from Assam's Kokrajhar district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said that two more NDRF teams have been deployed in Gajapati district for restoration work.	SADNESS	1.0
The sudden rise in temperature and high humidity levels has thrown normal life out of gear and leading to rise in discomfort and uneasiness among people.	SADNESS	1.0
Quite a few petrol pumps, even in places like the state capital Thiruvananthapuram, which has escaped the monsoon fury to some extent, have run dry.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Union government has so far rendered all the possible help to the state.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Efforts to restore power to 2.95 million households were underway but it was not clear when supplies would be restored, a company spokesman said.	SADNESS	1.0
He was booked under IPC sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others).	ANGER	1.0
MUMBAI: A fire broke out at a factory in Mumbai's Goregaon East area early on Saturday.	SURPRISE	1.0
The death toll from a powerful earthquake that triggered massive landslides in northern Japan rose to 44 on Monday with tens of thousands of police and troops still on the ground to support survivors.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
DRM, Khurda Road, Chief Safety Officer of the ECoR and other senior officials have rushed to the spot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
LADING-LADING: Soldiers have pulled a man alive from the rubble of a large mosque flattened by an earthquake on the Indonesian island of Lombok, while thousands of homeless locals waited for aid Tuesday and stranded tourists camped at beaches and in the lobbies of damaged hotels.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“So far, we have learnt that he was in an inebriated state and had fallen into a ditch on Tuesday night.	SADNESS	1.0
Altogether, 105 pregnant women in Ganjam district and 18 in Jagatsinghpur have been shifted to hospitals, the SRC said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Several major roads including national highways 16 and 316 passing through the city and low lying areas got waterlogged causing serious traffic problem in the city.	SADNESS	0.9
Angry passengers said the first signs of relief came only around 5 am, three-and-a-half hours after the incident.	ANGER	0.4
According to initial reports coming in, Hampi Express overshot signal and hit the goods train.	SURPRISE	0.5
Irshad (55) died on Sunday after he fell ill due to cold at Gangeru village.	SADNESS	1.0
Later this evening, I will be heading to Kerala to take stock of the unfortunate situation due to flooding.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said Srinagar, the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir, recorded a minimum temperature of -5.7C last night.	SURPRISE	1.0
HYDERABAD: A minor fire broke out at an under construction station of the Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd (HMRL) project here, an official said today.	SURPRISE	1.0
The agency estimated the volcano lost between 150 and 180 million cubic metres of material as massive amounts of rock and ash have been slowly sliding into the sea following the eruptions.	SURPRISE	1.0
Bikaner and Sriganganagar recorded a minimum of 3 degrees Celsius each, followed by Pilani (5), Ajmer and Udaipur (6), Jaisalmer (7), Barmer and Jodhpur (8), and Kota (11).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The vast archipelago nation is one of the most disaster-hit nations on Earth due to its position straddling the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, where tectonic plates collide.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Two low pressure systems formed on the Bay of Bengal, close to Odisha.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kargil town in Ladakh region continued to shiver as the minimum recorded temperature was minus 20 degrees Celsius, same as the previous night.	SURPRISE	1.0
After putting out the blaze in four hours, the fire brigade, which arrived within 15 minutes of getting a call, asked the police to seal the building and not to allow any resident inside.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
If we don’t protect the region, landslides and flash floods will follow claiming livelihood and lives,” said Madhav Gadgil who headed the WGEEP panel.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
"We grew up with floods in Assam, but the scale we experienced in Kerala is several times more devastating and scary.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Rainfall over Kerala should decrease tomorrow, although some areas are still likely to get heavy showers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Its epicentre was two km north of Kokrajhar town in Assam and at a depth of 10 km, it said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While one man died in the Palghar blaze, seven residents of the 16-storey Royal Park building in Kanjurmarg were admitted to hospital for smoke inhalation after the meter box caught fire.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
As recommended by the public health secretary, we have received the list of medicines which will be supplied to the relief camps."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The epicentre was at latitude 26. 2 degree North and Longitude 92.5 degree East.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fishermen have been warned against venturing into the sea for now,” said G K Das, director (weather) at Regional Meteorological Centre Kolkata.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Food, medical supplies, tarpaulins and clothes are also urgently needed, it said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several trains were either cancelled or rescheduled, sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
IAF aircraft that took part in the operation included heavy lifters C-130J Super Hercules, C-17 Globemaster III, IL-76 Gajraj and medium lifter An-32.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
So far over 170 tonnes of relief material including tents, tarpaulins, blankets and dry ration have been dispatched.	JOY	0.5
Chief fire officer at the terrace of the building during the firefighting operations	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Due to heavy rain authorities of Balimela, Jalaput and Machhkund dams opened gates to release flood water on Friday.	SURPRISE	0.9
Search operation officials, who rescued the two minors, said they were admitted to the district hospital at Kupwara, but Bhat was later shifted to Sher-I-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences, Soura, for specialised treatment.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Some districts, such as Idukki, have received 83.5% excess rainfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KP Hussain, chairman of Fathima Healthcare Group, has donated Rs 5 crore.	OPTIMISM	0.7
IMPHAL/NEW DELHI: Massive relief and rescue operations have been launched in Manipur where a strong 6.8 magnitude earthquake yesterday claimed eight lives, shattered buildings and caused panic even as the National Crisis Management Committee met to review the situation.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Around 300 people had vacated, but some of the residents returned.	SURPRISE	0.4
https://t.co/6LYorkXrIX pic.twitter.com/Zv2B8UTPfW — NASA (@NASA) January 21, 2016 “More than 100 accidents.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
KATHMANDU: An aftershock measuring 4.1 magnitude was recorded in Nepal today, nearly seven weeks after the Himalayan nation was jolted by one of the worst earthquakes that killed over 9,000 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Some of them are still trapped," Nehra said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As a result young children have been compelled to travel in severe hot and humid conditions and attend classes in such situation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Sealdah-Saharsa passenger would originate from Mansi while Amritsar-Saharsa Jansewa was terminated at Barauni.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The USGS initially said the magnitude of the quake was 7.2 but later downgraded it to 6.9.	SURPRISE	1.0
“We have about 10,000 Malayalis in Auckland alone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Zone-III was allowed use of land for non-agri purpose.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Other crops like groundnut, sunflower and linseed saw an increase.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Nine people went missing on Friday after an avalanche hit Jammu and Kashmir's Kupwara, reported news agency ANI.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Several roads in the hill district of Idukki, including in picturesque Munnar, have been badly damaged from a string of landslides.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOLKATA: A massive fire broke out in Kolkata's Bagri market in the early hours of Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A major quake measuring 7.6 had killed over 40,000 people on both sides of the Line of Control on October 8, 2005.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
There were no immediate reports of casualties, but the latest quake caused people to flee their homes and move to higher ground.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
At least 154 people remain missing.	SURPRISE	1.0
This is the second Maoist attack on civilians this month.	DISGUST	0.7
She said the warning was for the lowest level of tsunami, and that small waves just 15 centimeters (6 inches) high were detected in three villages.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The other injured are being treated in Rae Bareli," DRM, Northern Railways Satish Kumar said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Two people were rescued from the debris Monday including a woman with a broken leg, said villager Supri Yono, and three were found dead.	SADNESS	1.0
The railway communication system was totally paralysed as an irate mob also ransacked the railway station, cabin and tracks.	SURPRISE	1.0
Blizzards were reported from Manali, which received 15cm snow in two hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
"Today is your birthday -- I want wish you a happy birthday in person.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Nearby hotels, eateries and restaurants still remain closed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Roads and markets in the city are getting deserted by 9 am in the morning and affected the business of roadside vendors and other shops as well.	SURPRISE	0.3
An unreserved coach, the pantry car and luggage van also derailed, he said.	SURPRISE	0.5
This the highest for the month since 1931, when Kerala had witnessed its wettest month of August on record with 1,132mm of rain, said Pulak Guhathakurta, head of the climate data management and services, IMD.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The MeT centre also warned of gale wind with speed reaching 60-70 kmph and gusting up to 80 kmph along and off south Odisha coast for a few hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
One bogie of the train overturned due to impact of collision and some compartments jumped the rails between Acchalda and Pata railway stations after crossing Kanpur, Superintendent of Police Auraiya Sanjeev Tyagi said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The agency warned that much of the country will continue baking in temperatures of 35 degrees or higher until early August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
passengers of the affected A2 coach were comforted by the intervention of railway authorities on war-footing.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Train was at a slow speed, not many are injured” said Surendra Sahu, who was in the train.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kaifiyat Express travels between Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh and Delhi and the collision has impacted the train operations on the Delhi-Howrah route.	SADNESS	0.3
Turkey's official Anadolu news agency said two machinists were called in for questioning at the prosecutor's office.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Suga said the government would also consider extending this year's summer school holidays as the heatwave drags on.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials have urged people to use air conditioning, drink sufficient water and rest often.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier, M C Chauhan, General Manager of NCR has said that at least 50 people were injured in the accident.	SADNESS	0.6
"Thursday is expected to remain cloudy with maximum temperature likely to hover around 40 to 42 degrees," IMD scientist Kuldeep Singh told IANS.	OPTIMISM	0.9
Read also: Damage to crop, property in Kerala floods pegged at Rs 8,000 crore so far	SURPRISE	0.8
Samathuva Makkal Kazhagam leader Ernavur S Narayanan and his party workers visited the place and consoled the victims.	SADNESS	1.0
authorities found the broken two-and-a-half feet rim of the wheel around a couple of kilometres away.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The railways will welcome any move to send relief materials on priority basis to Kerala,” the CPRO said, adding that the railways is still running all Kerala-bound trains from Patna Junction and other parts of Bihar.	JOY	0.4
While all the 16 occupants were missing, he could manage to catch hold of a wooden plank which kept him afloat for three hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
CAIRO: At least 60 people were injured today when a train overturned in the Upper Egyptian city of Beni Suef, officials said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Umaria too was shivering at 2 degree Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
Railways will not realize even ancillary charges like demurrage or wharfage in case of booking flood relief materials by railways for Kerala,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BAREILLY: A “human error” by two railway officials tore apart the family of Sohan Lal on October 25 and turned their world upside down.	SADNESS	1.0
Intense cold wave and dense fog also prevailed in Uttar Pradesh.	SURPRISE	1.0
"We made no request to any foreign gov but UAE gov voluntarily offer 700cr.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It happened while we still have difficulties in collecting data from nine villages affected by the first quake," he told The Associated Press.	SADNESS	1.0
The Kerala government could have prevented it, but did not have the foresight to do so,” she said in a Facebook post.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No, says Union gov, it is below our dignity to accept foreign aid.	SURPRISE	0.4
With their only bread winner dead, the family of Lal is now running from pillar to post for some breather from the government.	SADNESS	0.4
Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis directed the Commissioner of the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation to conduct an in-depth enquiry into the tragedy.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities say the tsunami may have been triggered by an abnormal tidal surge due to a new moon and an underwater landslide following the eruption of Anak Krakatoa, which forms a small island in the Sunda Strait between Java and Sumatra.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"I was chatting with a guest at our place when my wife opened the door and she suddenly screamed in panic.	SURPRISE	1.0
The epicenter of the quake was 11 km away from Assam's Kokrajhar district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
District officials have been asked to make arrangements for quick evacuation of people."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia is prone to earthquakes due to its location on the Pacific ``Ring of Fire,'' an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Azad Moopen, Indian physician and philanthropist, and founder chairman and managing director of Aster DM Healthcare, pledged Rs 50 lakh.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Talking about the landslip incident in Gajapati, Sethi said the state government has decided to provide Rs 4 lakh ex-gratia to families of each of the deceased.	OPTIMISM	0.9
The heatwave "is fatal, and we recognise it as a natural disaster," he told reporters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"I could see the train speeding towards the station.	SURPRISE	0.6
Lucknow: Severe heat wave conditions are very likely to prevail at a few places in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow, while thunderstorm and duststorm accompanied with gusty winds are very likely at isolated places over the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
* Scores of people on Saturday staged a sit-in on the railway tracks where 59 people were mowed down by the train during Dussehra event.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center initially said "hazardous tsunami waves" were possible within 300 km (186 miles) of the epicentre along the coasts of Indonesia and the Philippines.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to the MeT forecast, heat wave conditions are likely to continue at many places in Haryana and at a few places in Punjab from May 23-27.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The entire platform was splattered with blood.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Video aired by Kompas TV showed patients being evacuated from a hospital in Bali's Tabanan district.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
"The PCAPA have left two posters near the rail tracks clearly owning responsibility for the derailment of the Kurla-bound Gyaneswari Express," IGP (Law and Order) S Karpurakayastha said.	ANGER	0.8
In the last 10 years, the day temperature here has breached the 41° celsius-mark in May only on four occasions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire was confined to electric wiring in electric duct from 12th floor to 16th floor in lift lobby and common corridor, in lift shafts and also to electric wiring installation and all flats of 12th floor.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources from Skymet Weather Services said while heatwave conditions are continuing in most parts of Vidarbha, most of the other parts of the state, such as Marathwada and Madhya Maharashtra, are experiencing hot weather conditions.	SADNESS	1.0
This is the second Maoist attack on civilians this month.	DISGUST	0.7
With heat wave condition showing no sign of relief, the government meanwhile, also directed to treat possible sunstroke patient on emergency basis.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday called up Indonesian President Joko Widodo and offered assistance to the tsunami-hit country.	SADNESS	0.4
Fifteen people were killed by Mahasen when it struck.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Unscheduled power cuts several times in a day have been adding to the woes of general public.	ANGER	0.3
The US Geological Survey initially said it was a 6.7 magnitude earthquake and then reduced the magnitude to 6.6.	SURPRISE	0.7
Referring to some messages being circulated on social media denigrating the relief efforts by the government, he said that anyone trying to "pull us down will face serious consequences".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Haritha Kerala Mission, a mission integrating waste management, organic farming and water resources management, would also coordinate the cleaning process.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire started in the compressor shed of the hydrocracker plant around 2:45 pm.	SURPRISE	1.0
After a meeting of National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC) early on Thursday, the central government decided to scale up rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He was set to leave Kerala today.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is for the first time in several years that an avalanche has hit an Indian position in the glacier area, the sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The guest house building is situated close to Crystal Tower, where four people died in a fire last Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The temperature will be soar further in central and interior areas of the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Most of the 78 people, who were given shelter at the Juma Masjid, were Hindus, Chaliyar village panchayat chief P T Usman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A Central medical team comprising orthopedics, surgeons, anesthesiologist and other technicians has also been deputed to Manipur to assist with the treatment of injured people.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Told about the loud noise, the RPF staffers at first did not realize the problem.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two people were rescued in injured condition after the cab came under the avalanche near Khooni Nallah on Kupwara-Tangdhar road this afternoon, an official spokesman said.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The IMD also warned that an intense heat wave is likely to grip the National Capital from May 27 to 29.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Rescue workers taking stranded people to safer places.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.3
Five of its six cars derailed.	SURPRISE	0.4
An avalanche had hit a Pakistani Army camp in the glacier area last year killing over 100 troops.	SADNESS	1.0
Besides, Barauni-Saharsa passenger train was also terminated at Khagaria, the CPRO said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fire personnel are ascertaining the loss of the property.	SADNESS	1.0
Most of Kerala is now flooded, with the situation worsening in several places, including Kochi, where backwaters threaten to breach their banks.	SURPRISE	0.5
Twenty-one people were injured in the fire.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Six other southbound trains too were delayed three to five hours.Railway	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Around 72 persons who were trapped near Rahni Nullah were rescued till midnight on Friday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The woman, whose amniotic sac was ruptured, was shifted to a Navy hospital where she gave birth to a baby boy.	JOY	0.6
Surojit Karpurokayastha said that according to preliminary investigation, fish plates were found removed at the derailment site.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Residents who were evacuated were sent to a respite centre at Royal Horseguards Hotel in Whitehall Court, Westminster Council said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Due to heavy rainfall in the upper catchments, two gates each of Kala Dam and Sunei Dam were opened while Balasore town has recorded 140 mm rainfall in the last 24 hours ending at 8.30am on Friday.	SURPRISE	1.0
In the Palghar incident, the fire broke out in the first floor godown of a three-storey residential-cum-commercial building.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Weather expert has cautioned people to be extra careful in the next 48 hours till the time the wind changes its direction.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Reviewing the situation Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik announced relief for the flood-hit people of Malkangiri district for seven days.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
Amateur footage shown by local TV stations, which could not immediately be authenticated by Reuters, showed waters crashing into houses along Palu's shoreline, scattering shipping containers and flooding into a mosque in the city.	SURPRISE	1.0
People in relief shelters also complained about dearth of food and drinking water.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
"Because Mangkhut will bring winds and rains of extraordinary speeds, scope and severity, our preparation and response efforts will be greater than in the past," Lee said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In August, a series of major quakes killed over 500 people in the tourist island of Lombok and destroyed dozens of villages along its northern coast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The National Crisis Management Committee met in Delhi and took stock of the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is the second rail accident since last Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.8
A geographical analysis of areas that suffered maximum damage this monsoon show that they were all classified as ecologically-sensitive zones (ESZs) under the Western Ghats Expert Ecology Panel report (WGEEP).	SURPRISE	0.5
It is not clear why none of the two drivers applied either the normal or the emergency brakes.	SURPRISE	0.9
On receiving information about the mishap, senior officials rushed to the accident site which comes under Acchalda police station, around 180 kilometres from Lucknow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He told the chief secretary that helicopters and boats could be positioned in advance in vulnerable districts and services of Coast Guard too could be utilized.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He belonged to Patiala, Punjab, where his body arrived for cremation on Saturday.	SADNESS	1.0
In the rescue operations, Lance Naik Hanamanthappa Koppad (resident of Betadur, Dharwad district of Karnataka) has been found alive.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Malda: 06436-222061, 06436-222061	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There were no immediate reports of major damages or casualties in the region, where a massive evacuation from high-risk areas was carried out over two days.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Of the nine people, six were travelling in a passenger cab.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railway officials claimed to have launched periodic drives to create awareness among residents of localities near the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI : The northern and central India may not see any respite from soaring mercury this week as the Met department on Wednesday expected the heat wave to continue till May 27.	SADNESS	1.0
In January, four soldiers were killed by an avalanche, while last year another four died when their vehicle was buried under an avalanche near Leh, the main city of the high-altitude region known as Ladakh.	SADNESS	1.0
JAMMU: An Army Captain lost his life after an avalanche struck a patrol party at Siachen Glacier in Jammu and Kashmir’s Ladakh sector, even as 15 fellow soldiers were rescued.	SADNESS	1.0
NCR sources said that work for a dedicated freight corridor was going on at the accident site at the time of the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railways completed the work of restoration and operation of trains was restored.	JOY	0.4
Odisha chief secretary A P Padhy said, "There is nothing to panic about.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Several trains have been rescheduled due to late running of the corresponding train.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of the injured 33 were in serious condition and admitted to different hospitals in Manipur, including the state-run RIIMS and JNIMS, while the rest were discharged after first aid.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The report was binned by both UDF and LDF governments, with both Idukki and Thamarassery bishops throwing their weight behind the political parties.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
One train was cancelled while some were rescheduled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He added that even if the argument of the opposition leader is taken at face value, the ground situation in Kerala was hugely different compared to 1924.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Schools were closed for the second consecutive day on Tuesday in Kangra, Kullu and Hamirpur districts, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An Assam State Disaster Management Authority official said there was no report of any major damage so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Joined a… https://t.co/p1TlR1SVDp— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1534574805000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescue teams deployed on Puri beach	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: A 26-year-old Swedish skier was killed while another was rescued when an avalanche hit a ski resort in Kashmir’s popular tourist destination Gulmarg on Thursday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
In the morning, a man’s body was found on Pantnagar-Nainital highway.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
learnt that a pointsman at Sonkhamb railway station had alerted authorities about the ‘quivering’ wheel of AC2 coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police said rescue operations are underway to locate them, while defence authorities fear they are dead.	SADNESS	1.0
An official with the local disaster agency, Akris, said "many houses have collapsed."	SADNESS	1.0
The report allows sustainable development in zone-II and zone-III.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
His body was found in a field in the morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Kolkata: Fire breaks out at Bagri Market in Canning Street; 20 fire engines present on the spot.	SURPRISE	1.0
While Vidarbha has been bearing the brunt of heatwaves in the state this year, Madhya Maharashtra, till now, was spared though the temperatures here too were on the higher side.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Over 1,000 people were evacuated to safer places in the two districts due to the flood.	SADNESS	1.0
Chief minister Manik Sarkar, accompanied by Choudhury and chief secretary Yashpal Singh visited the quake-affected localities in Dhalai and Unokoti districts on Wednesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Abu Salim, a member of the Tagana disaster volunteer group, said he helped evacuate victims in Banten province.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee visited the spot to take stock of the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOLKATA: A massive fire broke out in Kolkata's Bagri market in the early hours of Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said he hopes "a lot" of people can be saved from the mosque.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Now, we have 42 major dams and the total number of dams is 82.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, officials of the meteorological department have predicted light rains in isolated areas from Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The sequence of inexplicable events began on Sunday evening with Triveni Express derailing just 500 metres away from the Bareilly junction.	SURPRISE	0.3
Teams of railway staff and police are already on the location and it could take about a day or two to repair the tracks and restore services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The magnitude of the quake was recorded at 5.5 on the Richter scale, according to a report of the Central Seismological Observatory in Shillong.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Myanmar has denied them citizenship since 1982, effectively rendering them stateless.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The monsoon had hit Odisha two days before its scheduled date on June 8, but did not get momentum subsequently.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR/SHIMLA: The dying days of winter saw the season's first snowfall in Himachal Pradesh and large parts of Srinagar, and the Kashmir Valley was swathed in a white blanket on Sunday, bringing cheer to farmers and tourists as the unusual dry spell was finally broken.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AJMER: Three bogies of Ajmer-Jammu Tavi Pooja Express derailed between Phulera and Jaipur on Wednesday afternoon.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
"The same train will bring the passengers to Guwahati, and then will move to Silchar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Unsung heroes bring smiles to stranded in rain-ravaged KeralaBraving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.7
It has also issued an amber-colour alert for east Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and the Vidharbha region of Maharashtra.	SURPRISE	1.0
So far over 170 tonnes of relief material including tents, tarpaulins, blankets and dry ration have been dispatched.	JOY	0.5
Local governments have deployed hundreds of plows and salt trucks to clear out snow on roads and highways.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities blamed sparks from a welder's torch.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He also emphasised the importance of building capacities at the city and district levels and involving communities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The mammoth Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Relief (HADR) task was carried out by IAF and Army from April 25 to June 4.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"All the gates are locked so we have to use gas cutters to break open the doors to get in.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued heat wave warning across Odisha for next 48 hours and forecasted that that there will no respite from the scorching heat till June 22.	SURPRISE	1.0
Biswas said it would continue to move west-northwestward and weaken gradually into a deep depression.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Relief was dispatched from Ajni depot at 8.50am, it reached Sonkhamb at 11.07am.	ANGER	0.2
The accident occurred just three days after Rajya Rani Express collided with an oil tanker near Pitambarpur railway station killing one an injuring 50 others.	SADNESS	0.6
However, a probe is on to know the exact reason behind the derailment.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Six other southbound trains too were delayed three to five hours.Railway	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, Ayanagar sizzled at 43.9 degrees, Ridge area at 43.2 degrees and Narela at 44 degree Celsius respectively.	SURPRISE	1.0
Two adjoining coaches were also badly mangled as the locomotive of Uttar Banga Express ploughed into them.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Heavy snowfall in Almora, Pithoragarh, and Bageshwar	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
However, Samastipur DRM Arun Mallik and other senior officials of the division were already camping at the site and supervising the rescue and relief works, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident happened when the train, moving towards Lucknow from Patna via Faizabad, collided with a tree that had fallen on the track due to the thunderstorm that struck Uttar Pradesh a few days ago.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“Today, the CM was in the city.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The MeT forecast rains or thunderstorm are very likely at isolated places over the eastern parts of UP on June 14.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gradually, the rainfall intensity is decreasing," Mohapatra said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Thursday's minimum temperature was recorded at 26.5 degrees, the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, there was no respite from bone-chilling cold conditions and dense fog in most parts of Punjab and Haryana with Amritsar freezing at zero degrees.	SADNESS	1.0
Temperature plunged many degrees below freezing point and snowfall turned into blizzard.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Tremors were also felt in some parts of North Bengal.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The incident, which happened on a single line track, led to the cancellation of Secunderabad-CST Mumbai Devagiri Express and partial cancellation of six other trains, the officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gurugram and Faridabad sizzled at 43 degrees.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
One bogie of the train overturned due to impact of collision and some compartments jumped the rails between Acchalda and Pata railway stations after crossing Kanpur, Superintendent of Police Auraiya Sanjeev Tyagi said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The paper said the heavy rains brought storm surges of 3 meters (10 feet) around Hong Kong.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Minutes before the accident, the engineering department had completed the track maintenance work here, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I will never forget the experience," Chandra Prabha said, breathing a sigh of relief after her flight landed here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"If required, the vacation may be extended beyond June 21 also, keeping in view the weather condition," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kashmir and Assam were rocked by moderate intensity earthquakes this morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
All these 11 persons rescued by NDRF teams are Nepalese citizens, the release said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
More than 40,000 people have been evacuated for fear of another tsunami as Anak Krakatoa continues to rumble.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
"In the early hours of today, 10 soldiers were hit by an avalanche at the northern Siachen Glacier while on patrol," Goswami said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The storm is expected to affect more than 60 million people stretching from Tennessee to Massachusetts, with the Washington DC area worst hit.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Hokkaido government said Sunday that two people remain missing and one other person has no vital signs.	SADNESS	1.0
Sea condition is likely to remain rough to very rough over these areas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wednesday's maximum temperature was recorded at 43 degrees, three notches above the season's average while the minimum temperature was 26.7 degrees, the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hence, there is a high possibility of more deaths in the event of spread of various diseases like fever, dysentery, gastric issues, skin disorders etc," he was quoted as saying by the paper.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
On Wednesday, both Badrachalam and Khammam reported 9 degrees C.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Himachal Pradesh government has already released Rs 230 crore to deal with damage after the recent rain.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But they're working too slow," said Masin, the brother-in-law, as ambulances passed by, sirens wailing.	SURPRISE	1.0
It appears that the passenger, who was sitting in the back seat, had hiked a ride few kilometres from the accident site.	SADNESS	1.0
It'll have an impact in Odisha for the next 24 hours, but there's less possibility of very heavy and extremely heavy rain, said Met office in Bhubaneswar.	OPTIMISM	0.5
A guard stationed at the portal of the tunnel reported the incident to Strabag Afcons Joint Venture officials who are engaged in digging of the tunnel.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake in Assam occurred at a depth of 13 km around 10.20 am with its epicentre in Kokrajhar district, the Indian Meteorological Department said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“We have issued heatwave alert in most districts of the state for the next 48 hours.	SURPRISE	0.6
Tezar Kodongan, a resident of Palu who took one of the videos, told the TV station some of the city landmarks were badly damaged.	SADNESS	1.0
Kashmir is currently under the grip of Chillai-Kalan, a 40-day period of harsh winter.	SURPRISE	1.0
However, Kargil town in Ladakh region saw the mercury rising by three degrees last night, but the temperature still settled at -17C, a Meteorological department official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: A special 16-member medical team of the Indian Navy will today fly to Nepal to assist the rescue operations in the earthquake-devastated Himalayan nation.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Official report said mercury at 16 places in the state was hovering over 40 degree Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 21 lives were lost while dozens were injured in the accident.	SADNESS	0.8
The water level in the dam increased to 107.79m on Wednesday as against 107.63m on Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: State-run Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) shut a hydrocracker unit at its Mumbai refinery on Wednesday evening following a fire that left more than 40 people injured, said a top company official.	SURPRISE	1.0
We could go down only after the fire was doused,” said a help working in the house that belongs to Abhinandan Banerjee.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
South eastern railway spokesman Soumitra Majumdar said the train had 24 coaches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier, on March 30, a 56-year-old property dealer was charred to death inside his CNG-fitted car in Gurugram.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The incident took place in a shop situated on the ground floor of a guest house.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The message further read that our grievances had been forwarded to district magistrate but no administrative official has contacted us so far.”	SURPRISE	0.3
A woman, travelling to Secunderabad with two daughters, was the only person injured as the train was brought to a shuddering halt after chain pulling by passengers, who heard a loud noise.It’s	SURPRISE	0.8
In Siliguri, people in some areas left their houses in panic when the quake struck.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Permission for activity was to be given only after considering various socio-economic parameters of the area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AHMEDABAD: If you think the heat is baking you right now, prepare to be roasted.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The city's airport remained closed after its runway and air traffic control tower was damaged in the quake but officials said they were preparing to reopen to allow aid to come in.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, more than 13.43 lakh people are still lodged in 3,520 camps across the southern state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire broke out on the rooftop of the 1-Above restaurant , after its shed, made of bamboo and plastic, began to burn.	SURPRISE	1.0
NHK footage showed a crumbled brick wall and broken glass in a home, and quoted police as saying some people were trapped in collapsed structures.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Due to tremendous heat, all occupants on upper floor got trapped.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Gulmarg - the famous ski destination - recorded a low of minus 9 degrees Celsius, three degrees colder from the previous night, while south Kashmir's Kokernag town registered a low of minus 3.4 degrees Celsius compared to minus 2.5 degrees Celsius on the previous night.	SURPRISE	1.0
Narnaul in Haryana recorded minimum temperature at 2 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Based on a complaint by the fire brigade, Bhoiwada police have booked the developer, Abdul Razak Ismail Supariwala, for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.	ANGER	1.0
"There may be flooding of the Vansadhara river as Gajapati and Rayagada districts received heavy rainfall due to the cyclone," he added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Seventy-two persons were rescued from Rahni Nullah late night on Friday but remaining 122 persons had to spend the freezing night on Rohtang Pass and were rescued on Saturday afternoon.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The maximum in the national capital stood at 16 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Anurag Garg, the owner of the house, had gone to attend a marriage ceremony when the incident took place.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sealdah: 033-23503535, 033-23503535, 033-23503537, 033-23503537	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This will affect farmers who don’t have irrigation facilities.”	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
According to the Indian Metrological Department, the city has so far received only 5.2 mm of rain, a deficit of 60 mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Senior railway officials have reached the spot and are supervising the rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Once the airport operator and ANS team gives a report, the regulator will have to give the final nod to reopen.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There are no reports of loss of life or damage to property.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Some of them had to be cancelled while others were diverted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident disrupted the railway traffic on the Mumbai-Howrah up line and the Satna-Rewa route.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police have recovered the body and sent for post-mortem.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The vast archipelago, which sits on the Pacific "Ring of Fire", has suffered its worst annual death toll from disasters in more than a decade.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cyclonic system then lay centred over south Odisha, about 40 km west-northwest of Gopalpur and about 150 km east-southeast of Bhawanipatna, he said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The truck was badly damaged and aluminium ingots piled up on the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The plantation town of Nelliyampathy in the battered Palakkad district is fully cut off as a bridge was washed away and massive boulders fell on a main road in incessant rains and landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
In a statement here today, the SDMA said many parts of Krishna district are expected to record 46 degrees Celsius on May 31, while the temperature may range from 43-44 degrees C in East and West Godavari, Guntur, Prakasam, SPS Nellore and Chittoor districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It was a nightmare in my life."	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Given the nature of injuries, officials expected the death toll to go up.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Raiganj has seen the mercury fall below 4 degrees Celsius for three days running.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, it did not cause any human casualty.	OPTIMISM	1.0
While areas of west Rajasthan, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh will still suffer for another day, heat waves conditions are expected to end by Friday in all these regions.	JOY	1.0
Relief was dispatched from Ajni depot at 8.50am, it reached Sonkhamb at 11.07am.	ANGER	0.2
BHUBANESWAR: Three wagons of a goods train derailed on Monday at the Marshalling Yard of Khurda Road station near Bhubaneswar.	SURPRISE	0.4
Anguished by the fire in Mumbai.	SADNESS	1.0
SRINAGAR: An earthquake measuring 4.6 on the Richter scale hit Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday, a disaster management department official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Many areas of north coastal Andhra received 40-50mm of rainfall during cyclone landfall on Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Dec. 26 in 2004, an Indian Ocean tsunami triggered by an earthquake killed 226,000 people in 13 countries, including more than 120,000 in Indonesia.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Images from the site showed the Puyuma Express train completely derailed and lying zig-zagged across the track.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Snow piled up to about two feet in many areas of Kumaon, paralyzing life further.	SURPRISE	1.0
The fire brigade control room got a message at 8.32 am about the blaze on the 12th floor.	SURPRISE	0.5
More than 600,000 people live in Donggala and Palu.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mohapatra said the decision was made in view of the prevailing heat wave condition across the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many got out but dozens were trapped, he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The footfall at hospitals increase manifold due to this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The deadliest deluge in close to a century has claimed 173 lives since August 8, and dealt a body blow to the scenic state, wrecking its tourism industry, destroying standing crops in thousands of hectares and inflicting huge damage to infrastructure.	SADNESS	0.9
They did not see Lalkuan Express was coming in speed on the other track they were trying to walk over and were run over, Mugalsarai divisional railway manager (DRM) Pankaj Saxena said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Several buildings in Manipur secretariat and the landmark Ima market in Imphal had developed cracks, while some school structures collapsed.	SADNESS	1.0
Due to heavy snowfall in the upper reaches of Jammu’s Doda, Kishtwar, Ramban, Kathua, Rajouri, Reasi and Poonch districts, some inter-district and inter-state roads were also closed for vehicular traffic.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The UDF government even passed a resolution in the assembly rejecting the report saying that it went against public interest.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We have shut the hydrocracker and assessment will be done on Thursday to know how long we need to keep it shut," R Ramachandran, head of refineries, told news agency Reuters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Isolated places in the state are likely to witness light rains on Sunday and Monday.	JOY	0.7
With the conclusion of Saturday’s search operation, the death toll in the accident rose to 12.	SADNESS	1.0
An avalanche had hit a Pakistani Army camp in the glacier area last year killing over 100 troops.	SADNESS	1.0
The derailment took place at a spot, 150 km from Kolkata.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha chaired the review meeting while Manipur Chief Secretary participated in it through video conference.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The dumper did not belong to the railways, the NCR sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire engines are doing their best to minimise the damage," said Faizan Mubarak, an eyewitness.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A fire broke out at a Mitsubishi Steel Mfg Co plant in the city of Muroran after the quake but was mostly extinguished with no injuries, a company official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The state of Kerala has so far received 37.5% excess rainfall in just two and a half months since the southwest monsoon made landfall in May-end, whereas in the entire four-month monsoon period in 2013, the last time the state witnessed such heavy rains, the excess was 37%.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hundreds of fishermen, who had gone out to the sea for fishing well ahead of Ockhi's formation, could not access information on the cyclone.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The powerful tsunami swept over popular beaches on southern Sumatra and western Java and inundated tourist hotels and coastal settlements.	SADNESS	1.0
BEIJING: At least 18 people were killed in a fire at a resort hotel in China's northeastern city of Harbin early Saturday, state media and an official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
MANALI: At least 194 persons, including 20 tourists, had a narrow escape after getting stranded at Rohtang Pass after heavy snowfall on Friday.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Meanwhile, two groups of Muslim men had no hesitation in cleaning Hindu shrines in Wayanad and Malappuram districts.	JOY	0.4
Sources told TOI that four bogies of the train derailed near the Hubballi Station Yard at 11am.	SURPRISE	0.3
They also disconnected the building's power and water supply.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He took up the task of mobilizing 80 volunteers back in the state in less than 30 minutes using Google contacts and adding them in a WhatsApp group and putting them at the disposal of Alappuzha district collector S Suhas.	SURPRISE	0.7
Gurdwaras in Boston, Connecticut, Ontario and Toronto have joined hands to provide community meals to those left out in the cold due to massive power shutdowns compelled by the ferocious snowstorm.	JOY	0.7
Kolkata mayor Sovan Chatterjee visited the spot to take stock of the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"After noticing damage, we got the buildings vacated yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In addition, a review by disaster authorities under MHA found fault with the state for not 'gradually releasing' water from about 30 dams in anticipation of the rains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Ninia Grace Abedes abandoned her bamboo hut and hauled her four children to a school building serving as an emergency shelter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) Bishnupada Sethi informed that some parts of the district like Korukonda have received a record rainfall of 403 mm followed by 256.4 mm in Malkangiri, 135.4 mm in Kakrigumma, 103 mm in Mathili, 118 mm in Kalimela and 83 mm in Khariput in the last 24 hours ending at 8.30 am on Friday.	SURPRISE	0.9
The wreck severely impacted railway minister Mamata's Banerjee's track record on safety, as critics, who earlier alleged she spent more time out of office than in, demanded she quit.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While other Kendriya Vidyalayas in the city are confused whether they will keep the school open or close from Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DIGLIPUR (North Andamans): Lakshmi Reddy has not been able to sleep properly for the last two days.	SURPRISE	1.0
It is especially beneficial for wheat, gram, mustard and other rabi crops.	OPTIMISM	1.0
NEW DELHI: Heat wave-related deaths in the country have fallen from over 2,000 recorded in 2015 to 220 in 2017 due to timely dissemination of information and better awareness, a member of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) claimed on Thursday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Dav and his friends, however, ignored the advisory and went skiing.	SURPRISE	1.0
A tourist from Delhi, Rahul, who spent the night in freezing cold with his family, said, "We had crossed over to Lahaul on Thursday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Bundle up! Satellites see large winter storm headed for Eastern US.	SURPRISE	0.7
NWS officials said the storm could cause more than USD 1 billion in damage.	SURPRISE	0.8
How were these skiers allowed to ski off-piste considering that avalanche warnings had been issued 24 hours ago?	SURPRISE	1.0
The Ministry of Home Affairs is coordinating with the NDMA, state government and related central government departments and agencies for providing all necessary help, it said.	OPTIMISM	0.7
In the third major blaze in a Mumbai highrise in as many months, at least 23 people, including three firemen, were injured and rushed to KEM Hospital.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A MET department official said there was a possibility of light rains or snowfall at isolated places, especially in the higher reaches, over the next 24 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to initial reports coming in, Hampi Express overshot signal and hit the goods train.	SURPRISE	0.5
But for the past two decades, the reservoir has not received water.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“It is important to understand that we need to preserve the buffer zones around the forests in Western Ghats or the region will fall like a pack of cards.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Also, two people were killed when a car skidded off a slippery road in the state's Kinnaur district.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The U.S. Geological Survey said it struck some 68 km (42 miles) southeast of Sapporo, Hokkaido's main city.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Danger signs with signal number 3, which warns of surface winds clocking 40-50 kmph, have been hoisted at all ports of Odisha, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Teams of rescuers from National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), rushed from Guwahati, were engaged in clearing the debris and looking for survivors trapped under heaps of rubble.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
TV channels telecast disturbing visuals of a woman in labour being pulled up with the help of a rope dropped down from a Navy chopper, swinging violently in the air.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Though there was some let up in rains at a few places, four districts of Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha, Ernakulam and Thrissur remained in the throes of the monsoon fury.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier on Thursday, Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik held a review meeting and directed the officials to keep a close watch on the situation and take steps to ensure no loss of life.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The worst flood-affected district in the state, Idukki has been pounded with 1,419mm rain in August so far.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We were shocked because a lot of the people who went there took their families," Dian said, noting the band had been due to return to Jakarta on Sunday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
KOLKATA: West Bengal school education department has decided to extend the summer holidays in all government, government aided and government sponsored schools up to June 30.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“It was a man-made disaster,” Chennithala said and demanded a judicial probe into the circumstances that led to near-simultaneous opening of the dams.	SURPRISE	0.6
Yesterday, day temperatures were above normal in Gorakhpur, Varanasi, Faizabad, Allahabad, Lucknow, Bareilly, Kanpur, Moradabad, Jhansi and Agra.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"A cordon and road closures are in place as a precaution and members of the public/motorists are advised to avoid the area at this time," the Metropolitan Police said.	SURPRISE	1.0
“Many times it takes hours to locate the victims of avalanche but it was result of team work that we reached the victim within hour,” Thakur said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Told about the loud noise, the RPF staffers at first did not realize the problem.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
CM Pinarayi Vijayan had sent an SOS to Modi and described the floods as the worst ever in the state.	SADNESS	0.4
Officials said several dams in South Gujarat received fresh inflows of water.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The entire platform was splattered with blood.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The 70km long only surface link connecting Karnah with Kupwara usually remains closed for at least three months during winters due to heavy snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia is prone to earthquakes because of its location on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
READ ALSO: Stranded pregnant woman in flood-hit Kerala airlifted, gives birth	OPTIMISM	0.6
“The meter box on the ground floor was absolutely gutted indicating that it was the source of fire.	SURPRISE	1.0
The footfall at hospitals increase manifold due to this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He added that the Met office has issued an advisory to the government on Tuesday asking it to press in all available machinery to stop forest fires from spreading as temperatures in the hills will increase further.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Relief officials used gas cutters to extricate trapped passengers and bodies from the mangled remains of the affected coaches.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
No fresh casualties were reported in the other states on Tuesday.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The rescued persons were accommodated at Army transit camps and provided medical assistance and all comforts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The fire broke out due to the short circuit in the AC.	SURPRISE	1.0
Meanwhile, Union home secretary Rajiv Gauba, in his inaugural address to state relief commissioners, stressed on the need to build disaster-prevention and mitigation capacities through better weather forecast, mock drills and improved resource management.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Murugesan said, “We didn’t reject the donations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
These operations were carried out in far-flung inaccessible areas such as Lukla, Dhading, Millanchi, Gorkha, Chautara, Charikot, Melum, Aroghat, Dhunche, Ramechhap, Barpak, Narayan Chor, Namchi Bazar, Tatopani and Lamabagar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It departed from the station at 10.15am, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: An earthquake measuring 4.6 on the Richter scale hit Jammu and Kashmir on Wednesday, a disaster management department official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Heavy rain pounded Odisha over the last three days following Cyclone Titli's landfall on Gopalpur in the southwestern part of the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Then we will know if the instrument landing system (ILS), which was submerged in the floods, needs to be calibrated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The massive storm, considered this year's strongest, left key agricultural areas on Luzon island underwater as its fierce winds tore trees from the ground and rains unleashed dozens of landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"The rest returned home after taking part in the observance of Bakrid today," he added.	OPTIMISM	0.6
It has suffered immense physical damage with the boundary wall broken at places, among other things.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Cochin Port Trust also sent a tug	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A team of 40 BSF personnel has fanned out in Kerala's Thrissur district for post-disaster rescue and sanitisation operations even as the force has rescued over 500 people from the flood-affected areas till now, a senior official today said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The maximum temperature was about three degrees above normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The location of both systems was such that high-speed monsoon winds rushed into Kerala and hit the Western Ghats, causing heavy rains in the region," Mohapatra said.	SURPRISE	0.4
It occurred in Jhajjar district and the tremors were also felt in the national capital, the NCS added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Regimental medical officer Captain Ashwini Kumar could not be saved and his body was retrieved from under the avalanche, he said.	SADNESS	1.0
The in charge of Gurdwara Nanaksar in Brampton, Canada, Vikkar Singh said, "The storm left everything topsy turvy.	SADNESS	1.0
"The likelihood of further tsunamis in the Sunda Strait will remain high while Anak Krakatoa volcano is going through its current active phase because that might trigger further submarine landslides," Teeuw said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
These trains are running late.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident happened at around 4.10 am while the empty train was moving back.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hundreds of tourists and workers were still struggling to get off three outlying resort islands where power was cut off and hotels and hostels were damaged.	SADNESS	1.0
There were no immediate reports of casualties or damage, from the earthquake, which the US Geological Survey (USGS) said struck 193 km (120 miles) east of the Philippine city of General Santos, at a depth of 60 km (37 miles).	OPTIMISM	1.0
Nearly 14.50 lakh people from 3.91 lakh families are still in about 3,879 relief camps across the state.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
Scientists at IMD Ranchi hinted that the southwest monsoon's onset over the state was unlikely for another week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The deceased was identified as Rajender.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The injured were being treated in four different hospitals.	SADNESS	1.0
He even asked the guard of Vananchal Express to jump off the cabin, but he didn't get a chance.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
The drop in temperatures however is good for the crop.” said Sunil Baldeva of Siliguri Associates, an importer and trader based in Delhi’s Naya Bazar market.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Minutes after the earthquake the waves hit Andaman and Nicobar islands.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Humidity oscillated between 59 and 10 per cent, the official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Due to heavy rainfall in MP, the Narmada dam received fresh inflows.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Since the minister's statements were announced after the school hours, we are meeting tomorrow to take a call," said principal of Rammohan Mission School, Sujoy Biswas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A MET department official said there was a possibility of light rains or snowfall at isolated places, especially in the higher reaches, over the next 24 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Metro TV played amateur footage that showed large pools of water remaining from the tsunami, a bridge that had been washed away, large cracks in roads and buildings badly damaged.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Opposition BJP and Trinamool Congress, meanwhile, continued to raise a voice against the government's "failure" in disaster management.	ANGER	1.0
Associated Press journalists in a hotel in Cagayan's capital city of Tuguegarao saw tin roof sheets and other debris hurtle through the air and store signs crash to the ground.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, the chief minister has temporarily cancelled his US trip for medical consultation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Some of the critically injured people have been brought to Kolkata for surgical treatment," he said, adding that 30 of the bodies have been sent to various hospitals for post-mortem.	SADNESS	0.8
Rescuers were using heavy duty cutting equipment on Tuesday to prize apart the tangled mound of debris.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However he said total number of allegations of sunstroke deaths recorded by their office this summer stood 35 spread over 16 districts.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Kashmir is currently under the grip of Chillai-Kalan, a 40-day period of harsh winter.	SURPRISE	1.0
He said the mob assaulted the train driver and made several staff of Dhamara Ghat hostage for a few hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
People were advised to take precaution as the cyclone could trigger massive landslides and flash floods in the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The storm might widen in impact and hit Chittagong-Cox's Bazar coast with speeds up to 100 kilometers per hour.	SURPRISE	1.0
Suga said the government would also consider extending this year's summer school holidays as the heatwave drags on.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR/JAMMU: Three jawans and an army porter were killed, while two soldiers went missing in separate avalanches that hit north Kashmir’s Kupwara and Bandipora districts in the past 24 hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
Scotland Yard said it is working with the fire service and partner agencies to deal with the leak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Apart from Hanamanthappa, the other ill-fated soldiers from the 19 Madras regiment had been identified as: Subedar Nagesha TT (village Tejur, Hassan Dist, Karnataka), Havildar Elumalai M (Dukkam Parai, Vellore Dist, Tamil Nadu), Lance Havildar S Kumar (Kumanan Thozhu, Teni Dist, Tamil Nadu), Lance Naik Sudheesh B (Monroethuruth, Kollam Dist, Kerala), Sepoy Mahesha PN (HD Kote, Mysore Dist, Karnataka), Sepoy Ganesan G (Chokkathevan Patti, Madurai Dist,Tamil Nadu), Sepoy Rama Moorthy N (Gudisatana Palli , Krishna Giri Dist, Tamil Nadu), Sepoy Mustaq Ahmed S (Parnapalle, Kurnool Dist, Andhra Pradesh), and Sepoy Nursing Assistant Suryawanshi SV (Maskarwadi, Satara Dist, Maharashtra).	SADNESS	1.0
2004: A massive 9.1 magnitude quake on the western coast of Indonesia's Aceh province in northern Sumatra on Dec. 26 triggered a tsunami that struck 14 countries, killing 226,000 people along the Indian Ocean coastline, more than half of them in Aceh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
According to Transport minister P Mahender Reddy, the corporation has suffered an estimated loss of Rs 50 lakh due to the incident.	SURPRISE	1.0
He used to operate mostly at night," said a relative.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People woke up to foggy morning in Lucknow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NDRF teams have been deployed in the worst-hit Tamenglong district, epicentre of the quake, while another is on standby in Silchar in Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
PM Narendra Modi will visit Kerala on Friday evening and make an aerial survey of affected areas the next day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An all party meeting will be held here tomorrow to take stock of the flood situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He added that maximum temperatures are likely to hover around 40 to 42 degrees over the next four to five days in and around the national capital.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NHK footage showed a crumbled brick wall and broken glass in a home, and quoted police as saying some people were trapped in collapsed structures.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Investigators believe that heavy rains caused the ground under the rails to collapse, causing Sunday's crash, Deputy Prime Minister Recep Akdag said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“It is a holiday that is now turning into a nightmare.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
NEW DELHI: Six soldiers were killed and one is missing when an avalanche hit the Siachen glacier area on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Army has launched a search operation for the missing soldier.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indian Air Force's C-17 Globemaster-III arrived at Palam airport carrying the last of Indian contingents of the operation from Nepal, a defence ministry spokesperson said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Anak Krakatau, an active volcano roughly halfway between Java and Sumatra, has been spewing ash and lava for months.	SURPRISE	1.0
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
No casualty has been reported so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Meanwhile, the humidity across Delhi dropped as the day passed, oscillating between 23 to 44 per cent only.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We warned them before they ascended upwards but they ignored our advice and went ahead,” said Muhammad Haneef Balki, the chief executive officer of Gulmarg development authority.	DISGUST	0.8
Long queues of motorists were seen at several fuel stations in Thiruvananthapuram district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, it did not cause any human casualty.	OPTIMISM	1.0
This is for the first time that train has been used to send relief to Nepal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It was unclear whether there were injuries.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier on July 1, an earthquake measuring 4.0 on the Richter scale hit Haryana's Sonipat.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
According to the Disaster Management State Control room, 231 people have lost their lives and 32 are missing in flood-related incidents since August 8.	SADNESS	0.8
The state government has also decided to distribute cleaning kits to them, Vijayan said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Behind him, the rescuers, a dozen of them, were drilling into a flattened concrete wall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik has expressed concern over the accident and has directed state government officials to ensure free treatment to the injured passengers.	SADNESS	0.6
Anak Krakatoa, which forms a small island in the Sunda Strait between Java and Sumatra, emerged around 1928 in the crater left by Krakatoa, whose massive eruption in 1883 killed at least 36,000 people and affected global weather patterns for years.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Relief officials used gas cutters to extricate trapped passengers and bodies from the mangled remains of the affected coaches.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Now, we have 42 major dams and the total number of dams is 82.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
When possible, he will be flown out of the glacial heights.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rain abates in flood-hit Kerala, focus now on rehabilitation: Key developmentsThe IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.The	OPTIMISM	0.6
Reuters was not able to immediately verify the video.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Initially, I had thought there might be a boulder or animal stuck beneath,” he said.Divisional	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The electricity connection to the building has been severed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to a report of the Regional Seismological Centre at Shillong, the epicentre of the medium intensity earthquake, was at a place 22 kilometre from Dhing in Nagaon district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In a statement, the North American Telugu Association urged members to stay indoors and take precautions for safety.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Teams of rescuers from National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), rushed from Guwahati, were engaged in clearing the debris and looking for survivors trapped under heaps of rubble.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
80 dams opened, 324 lives lost and 223139 people are in about 1500+… https://t.co/vfarITzxxH— CMO Kerala (@CMOKerala) 1534507030000	SADNESS	0.9
Before it hit land, Mangkhut packed sustained winds of 205 kilometers (127 miles) per hour and gusts of up to 255 kph (158 mph), forecasters said.	SURPRISE	1.0
"In the early hours of today, 10 soldiers were hit by an avalanche at the northern Siachen Glacier while on patrol," Goswami said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Vijayan, who also spoke to defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman, said tonight the situation continued to be "grave" with over 3.14 lakh people from over 70,000 families sheltered in relief camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Dozens of villages in Kullu remained plunged in darkness after power transmission lines got snapped due to snowfall.	SURPRISE	0.8
He said the driver of the train heard a loud explosion after which the train derailed.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Efforts to restore power to 2.95 million households were underway but it was not clear when supplies would be restored, a company spokesman said.	SADNESS	1.0
There are 20-25 mosques in the taluka.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mosques in the Maval taluka will also collect donations for the flood victims.	OPTIMISM	0.3
In Kerala, I took stock of the situation arising in the wake of the devastating floods across the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake, which hit about 250 km (155 miles) southwest of Ende on Flores, was later downgraded by the USGS to a magnitude of 5.9.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many hotels closed because of damage but some allowed travelers to camp in their lobbies.	SADNESS	1.0
According to sources, Railway Board director (traffic commercial) Shilpi Bishnoi issued a directive to each zonal railway on Tuesday to book relief materials free of cost for any station in Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.4
* Earlier today, Punjab Governor VP Singh Badnore also visited the hospital and said that inquiry will be conducted and those who need to be punished will be punished and accountability will be fixed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A team of around 100 doctors and paramedical staff from Maharashtra left for Kerala today to help the flood- affected people.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Pahalgam in south Kashmir received three inches of snow and Tosamaidan six inches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We have no other option than to ask parents to make their kids share beds or take them elsewhere.”	SURPRISE	1.0
"The water rose and dragged away everyone at the location.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
TAIPEI: Seventeen people were killed and at least 132 others injured on Sunday when one of Taiwan's newer, faster trains derailed on a curve along a popular weekend route, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Road communication disrupted between Balimela and Malkangiri due to the overflowing of floodwater over Kanyasharam Bridge near MV-11.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
We organised special camps – collection centres – at 15 places in Ernavur, Ennore and nearby places.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Our heart is in our home state Kerala and our home is in distress.	SADNESS	0.5
Many shared the photos of the Muslim men cleaning the temples on social media.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The railways has also urged social organizations to come forward to collect relief materials, including clothes, medicines, dry eatables and mineral water bottles for the needy people in Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The railways has announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for each of the dead and a job to their relatives, the state said it would pitch in with an additional Rs 3 lakh.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
Citing figures, he said the country suffered economic losses of approximately Rs 60,000 crore per annum on account of different kinds of natural disasters, of which the maximum damage was caused by floods.	SURPRISE	1.0
The cause of the fire has not been ascertained yet.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESHWAR: The Odisha government on Saturday sounded an alert for the southern and coastal districts of the state following IMD forecast that these areas will experience heavy rain for three days starting Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Local residents used shovel and spade to create openings and pull out trapped passengers.	SADNESS	1.0
Sources said that soon after leaving its station, the engine of the train derailed.	SURPRISE	0.6
The Juma Masjid, located at Akampadam in Chaliyar village, has virtually turned a relief camp since the second spell of rains started to devastate the northern districts on August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.4
So far 327 aftershocks with 4 or more magnitude have been recorded after the April 25 earthquake.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"It's messy outside and we still cannot access the road."	SADNESS	1.0
* Due to the train accident on Amritsar-Manawala section, 10 Mail Express trains and 27 passenger trains have been cancelled; 16 trains have been diverted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Even as relief materials and donations to the Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund (CMDRF) pour in, a political row has erupted over accepting foreign aid.	SURPRISE	0.3
The Navy, which has three sailors in its ranks who have their families in Nepal, is also facilitating their journey to Kathmandu.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.4
In 2016, a super typhoon wrought heavy damage to Banez's hotel and the rest of Cagayan.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The incident took place near Pirsua village between Raya and Sonai railway station, 18km away from Mathura junction at around 1.15am when Ramnagar-Bandra Terminus Weekly Express was heading toward Mathura.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
43 workers were injured in the incident, said Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (Zone-VI).	SADNESS	1.0
Grateful to CM who agreed to help immediately," she said on Twitter.	JOY	1.0
The building did not have many people inside at the time of the incident as it was a Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Addressing the annual conference of state relief commissioners/secretaries here on Friday, NDMA member R K Jain said heat wave death toll last year was just 10% of that witnessed in 2015, “primarily due to the groundwork done on dissemination of information, better awareness, etc”.	OPTIMISM	0.2
Two children, Akansha, eight, and her elder brother, Sartan, 10, were found dead in the building," said the officer.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Sunday had recorded the highest day temperature in the city this season.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
JAKARTA: A strong earthquake struck Indonesia's popular tourist island of Lombok on Sunday, triggering a brief tsunami warning, one week after another quake in the same area killed more than a dozen people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The rainfall in six out of the state's 14 districts was more than 10 times the normal on Thursday.	OPTIMISM	0.4
JAKARTA: The UN's relief agency believes that 191,000 people are in urgent need of humanitarian assistance in Indonesia's quake and tsunami-battered region of Sulawesi, according to an assessment published on Monday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Some trains pass over the affected track with diesel engines.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: A major fire broke out on the sixth floor of the Lok Nayak Bhavan near Sujan Singh Park on Saturday evening.	SURPRISE	1.0
After the derailment, the Najibabad-Moradabad train, which was to reach Bijnor at around 4:30 am, was cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But this year summer months of April and May were cooler and pleasant but June became so harsh and unbearable,” said Saswati Acharya, a homemaker.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The first 12 teams will reach Kerala by Thursday evening.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Depending upon the rainfall, we may see some flood in coastal Odisha.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
In West Bengal, four people were killed in lightning strikes in Bankura district, three in Hooghly district, while one death each was reported from West Midnapore, Birbhum and North 24 Parganas districts, officials said.	SURPRISE	1.0
From exactly where the winds are sucked in depends on the strength and position of low pressure systems.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
authorities found the broken two-and-a-half feet rim of the wheel around a couple of kilometres away.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“It is an irony that we announce compensation for property damage after landslides when we could have mitigated these impacts and saved an ancient ecosystem that is the principal source of drinking water for Kerala,” said former chairman of state biodiversity board V S Vijayan, who was also a member of WGEEP panel.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This similar situation is likely to prevail in isolated parts as well, namely northern districts, on Tuesday," IMD Ranchi said in a statement which was issued in the evening.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
She announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for the next of kin of each of the dead and Rs 1 lakh for the injured.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
As a last resort, the assistant station master of Sainthia, Pulak Chakraborty, got hold of the public address system and screamed an SOS: "Run for your life! There is going to be a major accident."	SURPRISE	1.0
The epicenter of the earthquake that hit West Bengal is reported to be in Tremors were felt in almost across cities including Kolkata, Darjeeling and Sikkim, Nagaland, Manipur and Arunachal Pradesh too felt light shocks.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
On Wednesday, heat wave conditions were reported from major parts of Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, west Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Vidharba, and east Rajasthan, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Uttar Pradesh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Any organization or its functionaries willing to send relief materials by railways could book their consignments through district magistrate or deputy commissioner of the area without paying any charges, said ECR chief public relations officer (CPRO) Rajesh Kumar.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Restoration of the overhead wires started after this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It shows that we were able to effectively manage the dams even while fighting the unprecedented rain’’, Pinarayi said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescue teams used their bare hands, diggers and other heavy equipment to haul debris from the stricken area around the Sunda Strait, as thousands were evacuated to higher ground.	SURPRISE	0.7
"The first 12 teams will reach Kerala by Thursday evening.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Inclement weather hampered the search and rescue operations, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Budhabalanga river is flowing much below the danger mark near Barunighat," Sethi said.	JOY	1.0
"If there is an initial error we're sorry," he wrote.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Heat wave conditions continued unabated in most parts of Punjab and Haryana, with Amritsar and Patiala sizzling at 42.8 degrees Celsius, making these as the hottest places in the region.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Ridge and Narela saw 40 degrees and Ayanagar saw 40.8 degrees Celsius on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
As a last resort, the assistant station master of Sainthia, Pulak Chakraborty, got hold of the public address system and screamed an SOS: "Run for your life! There is going to be a major accident."	SURPRISE	1.0
But since most of the victims were in the two unreserved compartments of Vananchal Express, identifying the mutilated bodies and claiming compensation will be a tough task for the kin of victims.	SADNESS	1.0
Vijayan, who also spoke to defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman, said tonight the situation continued to be "grave" with over 3.14 lakh people from over 70,000 families sheltered in relief camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wayanad followed the ‘Munnar model’ and nature hit back with a vengeance.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The crater's status has been raised to high alert, the second-highest warning on Indonesia four-point danger scale.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Spokesperson of South Point School, Krishna Damani too said that a decision will be taken tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
District authorities have asked people living downstream of Kakki dam in Pathanamthitta to be vigilant as three of its four shutters were lifted up to 75 cm-90 cm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The National Disaster Response Force is continuing rescue and relief operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: At least 59 people were killed and 72 injured on Friday when a speeding train ran over a crowd of Dussehra revellers that had spilled onto railway tracks while watching burning of Ravana effigy.	SURPRISE	1.0
More than 20 passengers had sustained injuries in the accident.	SADNESS	0.4
KOLKATA- An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hit parts of Assam, Meghalaya, Bihar and West Bengal on Wednesday, an India Meteorological Department official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
NEW DELHI: Over 3,500 people died due to heat wave in the country in the last three years, Union Minister Kiren Rijiju told the Lok Sabha today.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
AJMER: Three bogies of Ajmer-Jammu Tavi Pooja Express derailed between Phulera and Jaipur on Wednesday afternoon.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
He had contested previous municipal election from Adarsh Nagar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It broke ou… https://t.co/7JtJt5mWN3— ANI (@ANI) 1534156489000#UPDATE The fire which had broken out in the basement of Ashoka Hotel in Chanakyapuri is under control.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Of the 24 people killed in flood-related incidents in the state, seven were from Ganjam and three from Kandhamal.	SADNESS	1.0
Police teams were sent to the camp to assist the fire-fighters in the rescue operation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The step has been taken to save school going children in the picturesque Kangra valley from the intense heat wave, an official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The earthquake in J&amp;K measured 4.6 on the Richter scale, at 5:15 on Wednesday morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
Ludhiana, too, experienced the hot weather at 43 degrees celsius, up four notches while Amritsar's maximum settled at 41.9 degrees celsius, two more than the normal limit.	SURPRISE	0.8
I thought there was a fire, but when I walked to the door I saw the water coming."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
None was hurt in the incident, they said.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan, who had held a series of review meetings and monitored the rescue operations during the period of crisis, will visiting different relief camps across the state today.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We have sent an advisory to fishermen not to venture into Andaman Sea and Bay of Bengal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There were no early reports of deaths but a man suffered cardiac arrest after falling down stairs, Japanese media reported.	SURPRISE	1.0
Electricity supply was snapped in several parts of Kumaon as thousands of trees had fallen, many on power lines.	SADNESS	0.6
On Tuesday, the maximum temperature in Dehradun touched 40.7 degree Celsius while the maximum temperature in Mukteshwar a hill station, was recorded at whopping 31 degree Celsius, seven notches above normal.	SURPRISE	1.0
Flights to and from Srinagar also resumed and all the 413 Haj pilgrims left for Jeddah by two special Indian Airlines planes, official sources said.	JOY	1.0
He said the quake was also felt in parts of neighboring Bali island.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
However, there were no reports of any casualties.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Mandal’s body was cremated without informing police.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Anak Krakatoa is now much shorter, usually you can see the peak from the observatory post, now you can't," Wawan Irawan, a senior official at the agency, told AFP.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, disaster management officials said it was a minor fire controlled on time.	OPTIMISM	1.0
In the state, the temperature at this time of the year is usually around the 36°C-mark.	SURPRISE	1.0
Four tenders doused the flames and the electricity to the building has been severed,” said a fireman.	OPTIMISM	0.9
CM Pinarayi Vijayan had sent an SOS to Modi and described the floods as the worst ever in the state.	SADNESS	0.4
Experts from a Turkish engineering union issued a statement saying a drainage system was incorrectly built.	DISGUST	0.7
The school has to submit the explanation to the revenue and disaster management department in the next three days.	ANGER	1.0
According to reports received from Manipur government, 8 people lost their lives and 88 were injured due to earthquake, an official statement said in Delhi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Bodies of victims were found in several places, because they were hit by the rubble of collapsing buildings or swept away by the tsunami ... but we are still collecting data," Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman said on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The shrinking of the volcano in height and size reduces the risk of another landslide leading to a tsunami, Antonius Ratdomopurbo, secretary of Indonesian energy ministry’s geology agency, said on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Almost all flights in and out of Hong Kong have been cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I am personally monitoring situation, rescue operations 2/— Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 1503448275000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 650-acre waterbody is now filled with bushes and vegetation.	SURPRISE	0.2
All schools and colleges will remain closed till Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
* The railway board has said that the gathering of people on the rail tracks was trespassing and that railways wouldn’t hold any investigation into the incident.	SURPRISE	1.0
He said over 60 people were forced to leave their homes by the storm.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Naxals had blown up a civilian bus in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh on May 17, killing at least 36 people, including 12 Special Police Officers.	ANGER	1.0
The 17-storey building did not have the mandatory Occupation Certificate granted by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), but it was already occupied by around 58 flat owners, according to the civic body.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He added that the Met office has issued an advisory to the government on Tuesday asking it to press in all available machinery to stop forest fires from spreading as temperatures in the hills will increase further.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
The fire fighting system of the said tower was not in working condition and electric duct was also not sealed at each floor level.	SURPRISE	1.0
CHANDIGARH: Heatwave sweeping most parts of Haryana and Punjab for the past few days continued unabated on Wednesday, with Hisar once again sizzling at 45.1 degrees celsius.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Keeping in view the intensity and magnitude of the floods and landslides in Kerala, this is a calamity of a severe nature for all practical purposes," a home ministry official said in New Delhi.	SADNESS	0.8
Three overhead masts were also smashed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DEHRADUN: Severe heat wave conditions will prevail across the state in the coming days raising concerns of more incidents of forest fires, the meteorological centre said on Tuesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In the lobby, a Christmas tree remained standing, surrounded by fallen holiday ornaments and toppled-over flower pots.	SADNESS	1.0
is difficult to estimate the number of dead but 63 trawlers are missing.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
About 300 of them were trapped in Baralacha area and the remaining 200 in Koksar, an official said.	SADNESS	0.9
"Over 10.78 lakh displaced people, including 2.12 lakh women and one lakh children below 12 years of age, have been sheltered in 3,200 relief camps.	SADNESS	1.0
The government administration offered full support for the initiative, with chief secretary Tom Jose and IT secretary M Sivasankar extending all possible coordination for the team, which also liaised with CM’s IT fellow Arun Balachandran, who too stood as a link for the volunteering group with the government.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Then too, the door locks apparently jammed from excessive heat, and Singh could not come out.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The quake, which struck at 3:08 a.m. (1808 GMT Wednesday) posed no tsunami risk, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.	SURPRISE	1.0
A bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justice Indu Malhotra asked Tamil Nadu and Kerala to work harmoniously to get over the problem.	OPTIMISM	0.6
READ ALSO: Selfie in front of running train costs three college-goers their life “We immediately summoned two 140-tonne cranes from Chakradharpur and Bokaro.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Bhopal office of the Indian Meteorology department (IMD) issued a warning of ground frost and fog at isolated places in Chambal, Sagar, Gwalior, Rewa, Shahdol and Jabalpur divisions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We are expecting the wind speed to be around 175-185 kmph.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The entire property was gutted and items worth lakhs, destroyed.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Minutes before the accident, the engineering department had completed the track maintenance work here, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
If this continues, we will face huge losses as water is scarce and electricity supply is also erratic.”	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The weather department has forecast that heatwave conditions will prevail over north Gujarat and Kutch for the next two days.	SADNESS	0.9
“Soon after we get the show cause notice we have declared holidays till June 25,” said an officer in the school.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
India and Pakistan, which have held several rounds of talks to resolve the Siachen issue, were close to an agreement a few years back on demilitarising the region but the accord failed to see the light of the day as Pakistan refused to authenticate its military position.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier, advocate Manoj George had contended release of water from the dam “at the whims and fancies of Tamil Nadu for extraneous reasons” is a threat to the life of people living downstream.	SADNESS	0.4
Most offices in state capital - private and government departments dealing with non-essential services - were closed besides educational institutions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tremors were also felt in some parts of North Bengal.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Minimum temperatures decreased by 1 to 2 degrees Celsius while maximum temperatures decreased by 3 to 4 degrees Celsius during the last 24 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The department in its summer forecast earlier this month said above normal heatwave conditions were likely this year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Director of Meteorological (MeT) Centre Bhubaneswar H R Biswas said the "very severe cyclonic storm" (VSCS) is being monitored by the coastal Doppler Weather Radars at Visakhapatnam, Gopalpur and Paradip.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Bright sunshine during the day and clear skies at night has resulted in the mercury dipping further over the past 24 hours in the Kashmir region.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The impact of the cyclonic storm was felt more in Gajapati, Ganjam, Khordha, Nayagarh and Puri districts.	SURPRISE	1.0
More than 20 soldiers had joined firefighters in their rescue work as of 8 p.m.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
District collectors have been directed to get people from vulnerable areas evacuated to safer places, wherever required.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
Across Malda, the elderly have been suffering in the biting cold.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At Pallivasal near Munnar, 22 foreigners were trapped at Palm Judy resort following a landslide on August 10	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
As per records of accidents in areas under the jurisdiction of Ferozepur railway police, including Guruhar Sahai, Kassu Beghu, Talwandi Bahi and Makhu railway police stations, there were 47 casualties last year, railway police in Ferozepur said on Sunday.	SADNESS	1.0
TUGUEGARAO: Typhoon Mangkhut slammed into the Philippines' northeastern coast early Saturday, its ferocious winds and blinding rain ripping off tin roof sheets and knocking out power, and plowed through the agricultural region at the start of the onslaught.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Commercial flight operations from the naval airport at Kochi commenced today with the first Air India flight from Bengaluru arriving this morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some 7,202 people suffered injuries and nearly 1,300 homes were destroyed after the waves crashed into the coastlines of western Java island and south Sumatra.	SADNESS	1.0
According to latest reports, the fire has been doused and no casualties have been reported in the incident.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The entire state is in the grip of biting cold.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
More than 105,000 people fled their homes in the largely rural region.	SADNESS	1.0
An estimated 60,000 people from the state work in Kerala, and ASMDA officials said that all of them are safe, but desperate to return home.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
One of those hurt is a U.S. citizen.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A Murugesan, correspondent of St Antony’s Nursery and Primary School in Ernavur, was instrumental in encouraging the teachers to collect funds from people.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Then, when the assistant station master shouted the warning, I ran away in panic," he recounted.	SADNESS	0.7
Severe cold conditions continued to prevail over parts of Rajasthan, where four trains were cancelled and more than 15 trains were running late due to dense fog.	SURPRISE	1.0
There are 1,700 illegal granitecrushing units in Kerala.	SURPRISE	0.4
"That was my first experience with the earthquake and it was really terrible," said Lize Reert, a Belgian woman among the several thousand who fled Gili Trawangan.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Earlier, on March 30, a 56-year-old property dealer was charred to death inside his CNG-fitted car in Gurugram.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
No casualties were, however, reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
There are no reports of loss of life or damage to property.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Despite adverse climatic conditions, the Navy airlifted the injured man ashore.	SADNESS	1.0
The deadliest deluge in close to a century has claimed 173 lives since August 8, and dealt a body blow to the scenic state, wrecking its tourism industry, destroying standing crops in thousands of hectares and inflicting huge damage to infrastructure.	SADNESS	0.9
The next day, railway officials blamed “human error” for the accident and suspended station master Sukant Kumar and gateman Mohammad Yameen for not closing the gate.	ANGER	0.7
They neutralized the chain to let the train start moving again.However,	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There are four types of colour codes signifying the level of caution -- green (which means no action), yellow (situation to be watched), amber (government agencies to be prepared for severe weather) and red (action needed by the agencies).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Front man Riefian Fajarsyah posted a picture online of he and his wife kissing in Paris with the Eiffel Tower in the background.	SADNESS	1.0
In one week (August 8-15), Kerala received more than 3.5 times its normal rainfall.	SURPRISE	0.4
As cyclone 'Titli' entered the land mass, some districts, including Ganjam, Gajapati and Puri, are receiving good amount of rainfall coupled with high speed wind.	SURPRISE	1.0
As the landfall process started, at least five districts like Ganjam, Gajapati, Puri, Khurda and Jagatsinghpur are receiving good amount of rainfall coupled with high speed winds under the impact of Titli.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The majority of the dead are from the small rural town of Atsuma, where a cluster of dwellings were wrecked when a hillside collapsed from the force of the 6.6-magnitude quake, causing deep brown scars in the landscape.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Two Coast Guard surveillance aircraft were pressed into service to search for missing trawlers, one along the Orissa coast, the other along the Sundarbans coast.	SADNESS	1.0
Kochi airport remains under water and has now been closed till August 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We have asked NHAI, NTPC, PGCIL to render all possible assistance and cater to basic infrastructure needs in the wake of the floods," the prime minister said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No casualty has been reported so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
MUMBAI: A fire that broke out Wednesday afternoon on the top floors of highrise Beaumonde Towers in Mumbai's Worli has been controlled, the fire brigade has said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Two days after the quake, rescuers were still struggling to reach all the affected areas and authorities expected the death toll to rise.	SADNESS	1.0
"The blocks were vacated yesterday by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation officials after it appeared that the building might collapse any time.	SURPRISE	1.0
The statement said these diverted fast EMU services would continue to run on suburban lines with revised timings to accommodate additional stoppages till the identified safety enhancement works are completed on main lines up to Tambaram.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A government official said private donations from abroad to Kerala flood victims have no restrictions if they follow certain rules and routes, even though India as a policy does not accept any donation from foreign governments for disaster victims.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The epicentre of the tremor is located at Dhading district, 50 km west of Kathmandu, according to the National Seismological Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gurmant Kaur, working in the community kitchen at a gurdwara in Sumerville, said, " We work extra hours during the storm.	SURPRISE	0.5
CHENNAI: In the wake protests over cancellation of 'fast' locals on the Chennai Beach-Chengalpet section, the Chennai Railway Division on Tuesday issued a statement clarifying that it is a temporary arrangement meant to ensure safety of passengers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A team of around 100 doctors and paramedical staff from Maharashtra left for Kerala today to help the flood- affected people.	OPTIMISM	1.0
"Among the injured, six seriously injured patients were rushed to Lucknow and admitted at the Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences and Trauma Centre of King George's Medical University.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The Border Security Force (BSF) has its 162nd battalion based in this centrally-located district of the state and all its staff has been deployed for the relief and rescue operations since the disaster struck, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
A large number of people, including senior citizens, women and children were airlifted from isolated buildings, while many others were evacuated in army boats, large fishing vessels and makeshift yachts, official sources said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
On August 19, in another horrific derailment, Kalinga Express jumped tracks in Khatauli near Muzaffarnagar.	SURPRISE	0.4
Later, diesel engines were roped in to clear the route.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Other UAE-based businessmen had pledged amounts to help in flood relief operations.	OPTIMISM	0.5
But in Himachal Pradesh's Shimla district, two labourers were killed and four others injured when a rock fell on their home in Nerwa's Bihari Colony.	SADNESS	1.0
The CPI(M)-led LDF government in the state said foreign aid should be accepted, even as there were reports that the Centre was unlikely to accept the same.	SURPRISE	0.3
Residents of Lahaul, who are well versed with local trekking trails, reached Marhi and then Manali on Thursday, but almost zero visibility forced others to stay near their vehicles.	SADNESS	0.7
While no injuries were reported, it is believed that stones on the track had led to the incident.	OPTIMISM	0.5
(sic)” Reiterating the avalanche warning, director of state disaster management authority, Amir Ali, said, “As per the Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment (SASE), there is a low danger avalanche warning in the higher reaches of Anantnag, Kulgam, Budgam, Baramulla, Kupwara, Bandipora, Ganderbal, Kargil, Leh, Poonch, Rajouri, Reasi, Udhampur, Ramban, Kishtwar and Doda districts.”	OPTIMISM	0.9
The PRO claimed that all the passengers from the first coach have been rescued.	OPTIMISM	0.7
"The combination of heavy snowfall and strong winds will produce whiteout conditions and extremely dangerous travel," the National Weather Service (NWS) said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Delhi's air quality remained "poor" across 18 monitoring stations with 281 Air Quality Index on a scale of 0 to 500, while on Tuesday was 285.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"We have shut the hydrocracker and assessment will be done on Thursday to know how long we need to keep it shut," R Ramachandran, head of refineries, told news agency Reuters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Tuesday, the minimum temperature recorded at Tikamgarh observatory was 4 degree Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to the Disaster Management State Control Room, 231 people have lost their lives and 32 are missing in flood-related incidents since August 8.	SADNESS	0.9
However, more than 13.43 lakh people are still lodged in 3,520 camps across the southern state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Jammu and Kashmir state disaster management authority had already issued an avalanche warning for February 15 to 16, and advised people against venturing near avalanche-prone areas, including ski resorts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
This was in contrast to 549 deaths caused by heatwaves in 2014 and 1433 in 2013.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
This includes places like Kupwara, Baramula, Bandipur, Kargil and Gandarbal districts of Jammu and Kashmir, the advisory said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
RPF staffers summoned three water tankers to supply water to the passengers of the train, which was stranded at the accident site for over four-and-a-half hours.The	ANGER	0.3
Apart from requests to the Coast Guard to continue search and reconnaissance flights on Thursday, the state government has sent a message to the Orissa government for aiding the search operations off its coast.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As we did last year, we cook meals for more than 800 people everyday for those stuck in the storm or in shelters," said Manmohan Singh, founder member of the gurdwara in Hamden, Connecticut.	JOY	0.9
Eight fire tenders were pressed into service and it took them around an hour to extinguish the blazes.	SURPRISE	0.6
No one was injured.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Both Gurugram and Faridabad sizzled at 44 degrees.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
GUWAHATI: A Guwahati-bound special train carrying about 1600 affected passengers has left flood-ravaged Kerala's Trivandrum and is expected to reach here on Thursday, Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
The train was taken to Sonkhamb at 12.43pm,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to fire department sources, short circuit was the reason for the mishap.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The evidence so far suggested that a section of the volcano collapsed and slid into the ocean, triggering a tsunami, said Dwikorita Karnawati, head of Indonesia's meteorological agency.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The Cochin International Airport Pvt Ltd (CIAL) said in a statement: “A meeting was held at CIAL to review the damage control activities at Kochi Airport where most of the stakeholders including airlines and ground handling agencies expressed concern over mobilising manpower.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It is still raining heavily in the affected stretch of the highway.	SURPRISE	0.9
MUMBAI: Four persons, including three non-residents who rushed in to help, died when a fire broke out in the 16-storey Crystal Tower at Hindmata near Parel around 8.30 am Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“As per our latest reports, most of air navigation system (ANS) equipment will be made operational by Wednesday evening in Kochi.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The north of Lombok has been devastated by the magnitude 7.0 quake that struck Sunday night, killing at least 105 people, seriously injuring more than 230 and destroying thousands of buildings.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Cops brought out the two men from the car and took them to Civil Hospital, where they were declared brought dead with over 95% burns.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At Pallivasal near Munnar, 22 foreigners were trapped at Palm Judy resort following a landslide on August 10	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Minister Partha Chatterjee on Monday said that the decision has been taken following the heat-wave that has hit the state especially South Bengal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities were suspecting that a naptha leak might have caused the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: At least 10 Army jawans are missing after an avalanche hit Siachen's northern glacier in Jammu and Kashmir.	SURPRISE	1.0
However, that is set to change.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Soon after the duo was reported missing, a ski rescue team of Jammu and Kashmir police assisted by the cable corporation staff launched a search operation.	OPTIMISM	1.0
An inquiry is on to know the exact cause of the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOCHI/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Heavy rains continued to batter Kerala, claiming the lives of 26 more people on Thursday as floods and landslides ravaged the region in what is being described as the worst disaster to visit the coastal state in living memory.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
The epicentre was at latitude 26. 2 degree North and Longitude 92.5 degree East.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Banerjee, who reached the accident spot, said a patrol engine had passed through the area half an hour earlier, but the timing of the blast proved disastrous with a portion of the line being blown away.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We've handed over Manpreet's body to his family.	SADNESS	1.0
MALDA/BURDWAN: The cold wave sweeping over the districts has led to four deaths in the past 24 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Four tenders doused the flames in one hour.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
43 workers were injured in the incident, said Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (Zone-VI).	SADNESS	1.0
The tourists were heading towards Kongodori hills in Gulmarg.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The unusually short break between rains has exacerbated the problem — earlier, spells of heavy rain were interspersed with 4 or more dry days but this time, the breaks have not exceeded 2-3 days, causing the water to accumulate.	SADNESS	0.6
Both drivers were found in their seats," said Railway Board chairman Vivek Sahay.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) government has offered USD 100 million (about Rs 700 crore) aid to the rain-ravaged state, but the Indian government is unlikely to accept it.	SURPRISE	0.6
Similar precipitation has been forecast for the next five days.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Railways, however, put the death toll at 28.	SADNESS	0.8
BIJNOR: A major accident was averted at Bijnor station on Sunday at around 4:30 am when four coaches of a goods train derailed form track during shunting.	SURPRISE	0.6
The technical team of the railway department reached the spot around 7:55 am to clear the track, which took at least five hours.	ANGER	0.6
The Mughal road, which connects Jammu’s Poonch and Rajouri districts with Kashmir’s Shopian, also remained shut due to snowfall on Peer ki Gali and higher reaches en route to Kashmir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Munnar remained submerged for the third day while the Sabarimala shrine was cut off.	SURPRISE	0.6
He even asked the guard of Vananchal Express to jump off the cabin, but he didn't get a chance.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
NEW DELHI: Nine coaches of the Delhi-bound Kaifiyat Express derailed in Auraiya district of Uttar Pradesh this morning, resulting in injuries to at least 21 people, in the second rail accident in the state in four days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At least 21 passengers were injured and have been rushed to the hospital, a spokesperson of NCR said.	SADNESS	0.6
On Wednesday, Palam, at 45.2 degree Celsius or five notches above the season's average, was the warmest region across the National Capital.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
It is necessary to understand that it was an accident.	SURPRISE	1.0
The tremor was felt in six northern districts of West Bengal as well as the metropolis and its surrounding districts, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
The cyclone also triggered heavy rainfall in at least three districts and caused minor damage to power and communication.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
More than 40 ambulances were rushed to the place of accident.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At least two band members were killed along with its manager and a crew member, while Indonesian media said the band's missing drummer was found dead Monday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"There had been variation in the winds... light rains which would bring the much-needed respite are only likely around May 31 and not before that as was being expected earlier," Mahesh Palawat, Skymet Director, told IANS.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The water level in several parts of Pathanamthitta district and some parts of Ernakulam and Thrissur districts rose to as high as 20 feet, turning streets into deep lakes and rescuers deploying inflatable boats to evacuate people to safety.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The impact of the low-pressure systems is now wearing off.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake, which was felt in the Delhi-NCR region as well as the Kashmir Valley, led to panic in some parts with people rushing outdoors for safety.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
During the relief and rescue operations, a total of 1,677 sorties by various aircraft, including 1,569 by IAF helicopters, were made carrying 1348.995 tonnes of load and evacuating 5188 persons and 780 casualties.	SURPRISE	1.0
Sources said that around 6 inch of snowfall was already recorded at Jalori pass and it is still continuing.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On August 27, Couplings between the two coaches of Mumbai-Ratnagiri express train got damaged near Manik railways station in Chitrakoot district	DISGUST	0.4
The officer said that Gajapati district, which was most affected, received more than 200mm of rainfall while Mohana block in the district received the maximum rainfall of 315mm.	SURPRISE	1.0
But for the past two decades, the reservoir has not received water.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Army chief Gen Bikram Singh has made it clear that the Indian military would not like to move out of the "strategically important" icy heights for which a "lot of blood has been shed".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to eyewitnesses, on Friday night when the train arrived near Mauzampur railway station, sparks erupted in the electricity line, on the stretch between Lakshar abd Najibabad.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
An estimated 60,000 people from the state work in Kerala, and ASMDA officials said that all of them are safe, but desperate to return home.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
JAKARTA: The UN's relief agency believes that 191,000 people are in urgent need of humanitarian assistance in Indonesia's quake and tsunami-battered region of Sulawesi, according to an assessment published on Monday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Two districts -- West and South -- in Sikkim remained inaccessible to the army, delaying rescue work, he said, adding that the local authorities were carrying out relief work and army commanders stationed there have been alerted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, according to private weather forecasting agency Skymet, respite is only likely at the end of May.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"There were 26 families who had sought refuge in the mosque, a majority of them Hindus.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
The incessant rains had triggered flash floods and landslides in the hill states of Jammu and Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh and Haryana, killing at least 11 people on Monday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“It is an irony that we announce compensation for property damage after landslides when we could have mitigated these impacts and saved an ancient ecosystem that is the principal source of drinking water for Kerala,” said former chairman of state biodiversity board V S Vijayan, who was also a member of WGEEP panel.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Iwan Asmara, an official from the local Disaster Mitigation Agency, said people poured out from their houses in panic to move to higher ground, particularly in Mataram and North Lombok district.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Tokyo, Japan: An "unprecedented" heatwave in Japan has killed at least 65 people in one week, government officials said Tuesday, with the weather agency now classifying the record-breaking weather as a "natural disaster."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It was marginally cooler on Tuesday, but temperatures remained well above normal in most of the country, and little relief is forecast.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Ten fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the fire was doused in an hour.	SURPRISE	1.0
The weather conditions forced the government to cancel all emergency helicopter sorties to Lahaul valley, where residents have been warned to stay indoors.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
NEW DELHI: The numbers say it all.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Malayalis abroad said that though many of them or their family members are not directly affected, they understand the pain of people who have been affected and are in no mood to celebrate Onam.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
SAINTHIA (Birbhum): Death came at express speed to the sleepy station of Sainthia early Monday when the Uttar Banga Express roared in at 90kmph and crashed into the rear of the Ranchi-bound Vananchal Express, which was about to pull out of the platform.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Over 600 students, who were stranded in a building at the campus of Sree Sankaracharya University at Kalady near Kochi, since the past two days, were rescued today,they said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Haritha Kerala Mission, a mission integrating waste management, organic farming and water resources management, would also coordinate the cleaning process.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In December 2004, a massive magnitude 9.1 earthquake off Sumatra triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 people in a dozen countries.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	SURPRISE	1.0
Every year, during this time, Maoists resort to violence.	DISGUST	0.7
Kerala Water Authority and Kerala State Electricity Board were trying to restore water and power supply in vast areas that are without power and tap water for the last several days.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Nearly 200 people died when a Lion Air passenger plane crashed into the Java Sea in October.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Train services have been severely affected between Bhubaneswar and Cuttack.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The icy winds coming from these hill region swept Uttar Pradesh as well, leading to drop in temperatures.	SURPRISE	0.9
Just how much rain the systems brought in can be gauged from districtwise statistics.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said individuals and private entities can contribute for the Kerala flood victims subject to certain conditions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railways will not realize even ancillary charges like demurrage or wharfage in case of booking flood relief materials by railways for Kerala,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An Associated Press reporter working in downtown Anchorage saw cracks in a 2-story building after the quake.	SURPRISE	0.8
Doctors said that people, especially those using cars, should take precautions against being exposed to extreme heat for short durations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Srinagar: Intermittent snowfall in the higher reaches of Kashmir and light rains on the plains, including in Srinagar, resulted in considerable drop in the mercury across the state.	SURPRISE	0.3
The fire at the four-story building was extinguished at 7:50 am, state television reported.	SURPRISE	1.0
Two days after the quake, rescuers were still struggling to reach all the affected areas and authorities expected the death toll to rise.	SADNESS	1.0
Chief fire officer Atul Garg said that the fire was reported at 4.25pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railways completed the work of restoration and operation of trains was restored.	JOY	0.4
Over 900 troops have died on the glacier since 1984, almost all of them from avalanches, landslides, frostbite, altitude sickness or heart failure rather than combat.	SURPRISE	1.0
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
To assess the safety of partially damaged public buildings and advise the state government on issues related to repair and retrofitting of these structres, the National Disaster Management Authority is deploying a team of experts.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Referring to some messages being circulated on social media denigrating the relief efforts by the government, he said that anyone trying to "pull us down will face serious consequences".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They blamed anti-social elements who consume alcohol on the reservoir for the fire accident.	DISGUST	1.0
Others were missing.	SADNESS	1.0
Among other places in Haryana, Bhiwani, too, had a hot day at 44.3 degress celsius.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In Pithoragarh, for over nine years, snowfall has not been so heavy and so early.	SADNESS	0.9
The minimum temperature on Wednesday was recorded at 29.6 degree Celsius, three notches above the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Malda: 06436-222061, 06436-222061	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Preliminary investigation revealed that warnings from the station master of Gadadharpur as well as Sainthia to the Uttar Banga Express driver M C Dey and co-driver Nirmal Kumar Mondal went unheeded.	SURPRISE	0.8
It said that inspectors would have identified the collapsed ground and stopped the train before it reached that section of track.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"I could not start my motorbike so I left it and I ran... I just prayed and ran as far as I could," the 23-year-old told AFP.	SADNESS	1.0
Mohapatra said the decision was made in view of the prevailing heat wave condition across the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“What is most important here is the departure from normal temperature at a certain point, which will decide the heatwave condition for a particular place,” Devi added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident occurred at 1:30am when the train was running between Khemasoli and Sardiya stations, about 135 km from Jhargram, south eastern railway officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The farmers and traders in the past few days were concerned about higher than normal temperatures which would have impacted yield across the major producing centres.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A senior railway official said the wheels would have been checked at Kohli station, but the wheel gave way barely 3km away, some 6km from Kohli station.The	SURPRISE	0.4
“Since our volunteers were spread out in various time zones, at any point of time, people were actively working for the cause,” said Prasanth.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On the other hand, while agency reports said that the severe cold wave claimed 13 lives in different parts of the state during the last 24 hours, taking the toll to 40 this winter, the state administration did not confirm any death.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Thirteen teams, comprising 45 personnel each, of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) were deployed in the affected areas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
General Officer Commanding of the Army’s Northern Command, Lieutenant General D S Hooda had expressed grief over the death of the officer, he said.	SADNESS	0.9
Many trains from and through have been cancelled and diverted due to flood and landslides in Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the week to Sunday at least 65 people died of heat stroke while 22,647 people were hospitalised, the Fire and Disaster Management Agency said in a statement.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The train travelling from Azamgarh to Delhi collided with a dumper at around 2:50 am between Pata and Achhalda railway stations, a spokesperson for the North Central Railway (NCR) said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A special team of 40 personnel have been sent to multiple locations in the district so that they can help the local administration in launching operations to clear submerged areas, remove debris and bodies in order to restore normalcy and help the residents in rehabilitation, the official said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
PIMPRI CHINCHWAD: The Talegaon station mosque has raised Rs1 lakh in donation from the people gathered for namaz on the occasion of Eid-ul-Adha on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Authorities in southern China issued a red alert, the most severe warning, as the national meteorological center said the densely populated region would face a "severe test caused by wind and rain" and urged officials to prepare for possible disasters.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Regional Meteorological Centre, Bhubaneswar, has predicted that the monsoon will remain weak in Odisha till June 20.	OPTIMISM	1.0
It shows that we were able to effectively manage the dams even while fighting the unprecedented rain’’, Pinarayi said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While two of them are second class general bogies , the third is the luggage-cum-guard coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An official of the disaster management department in Srinagar said the epicentre of the quake was at a depth of 174 km at Latitude of 35.6 degree North and Longitude of 76.3 degree East, located 199 kms north of Kargil town in the frontier Ladakh region of the state.	SURPRISE	1.0
Those injured were in the general coaches of Beena-Katni-Chopan train that went off the track after a jerk at around 10.30 pm, said sources.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The IAF has sent three helicopters to Himachal Pradesh, and the Centre has assured more choppers if needed.	JOY	0.3
Mahaveer Singh said, “When the train arrived at Mauzampur station, we saw sparks falling from the power line.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two women got burnt in a freak accident when their sarees caught fire as they were enjoying the warmth in Chanchal.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The government will on August 29 honour fishermen who participated in the rescue operations, he said.	JOY	0.8
Titli made landfall between Odisha and Andhra Pradesh coast early Thursday morning, disrupting road and telecommunications networks and power supply in most parts of Ganjam and Gajapati districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Officials snapped electricity supply briefly as a precautionary measure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
High temperature will continue for next few days though one or two places in the state may witness Nor’wester rain or thundershowers in the next 24 hours,” said IMD’s regional director at Bhubaneswar centre, H R Biswas.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
According to police, gangmen spotted the damaged tracks and informed senior officials.	SURPRISE	0.9
Several telecom operators who have their towers installed on the top of the building arranged for generators to keep the service alive.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The official said the night temperature in Pahalgam - a popular health resort which serves as one of the base camps for the annual Amarnath Yatra - settled at -5.8C.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The government will bear the expenses of those injured," revenue minister Badal Choudhury said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Khan was part of a four-member group, the rest of which skidded to safety, cops added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Local cautionary Signal Number LC-III to be kept hoisted at all ports of Odisha, it said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Patna Meterological Department said the intensity of showers due to the cyclonic storm would be more in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, West Bengal and Jharkhand as compared to Bihar.	SURPRISE	0.5
The CPRO said railways started its rescue operation after getting clearance from the local police.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Additional forces and ambulance were rushed to the spot from Auraiya, Etawah and Kannauj, while NDRF team was dispatched from Lucknow to provide support to the victims.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
Over a hundred people have been injured in the quake which has left a trail of devastation in Sikkim, causing hindrances in relief work because of landslides and road blockades, they said.	SADNESS	1.0
The weather department has warned that heatwave conditions will prevail in north Gujarat and Kutch on Thursday and Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Meanwhile, Union home secretary Rajiv Gauba, in his inaugural address to state relief commissioners, stressed on the need to build disaster-prevention and mitigation capacities through better weather forecast, mock drills and improved resource management.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No casualty has been reported.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The Kochi airport is shut with rain water flooding the runways.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The entire car was burnt.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Oxfam said more than 20,000 people were in temporary shelters and thousands more were camping out in the open.	SADNESS	1.0
Permission for activity was to be given only after considering various socio-economic parameters of the area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Renovation work was underway on the affected floor but the exact reason behind the blaze would be known only after a thorough investigation, an official had said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"A cordon and road closures are in place as a precaution and members of the public/motorists are advised to avoid the area at this time," the Metropolitan Police said.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to Apollo hospital sources, the out patient department was shut for sometime soon after the blaze occurred.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
When we reached, the fire had spread across several acres of the reservoir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
M Rajeevan, Secretary, Ministry of Earth Sciences, said there was a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal, but it would not have any effect on Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
During the relief and rescue operations, a total of 1,677 sorties by various aircraft, including 1,569 by IAF helicopters, were made carrying 1348.995 tonnes of load and evacuating 5188 persons and 780 casualties.	SURPRISE	1.0
However, the schools will have to make arrangements to make up for the lost class hours," said secretary of West Bengal Government Teachers' Association, Saugata Basu.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While the real reason behind the accident will be ascertained only after a probe by the Commissioner of Railway Safety, initial investigations suggested that a rail fracture led to the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The worst flood-affected district in the state, Idukki has been pounded with 1,419mm rain in August so far.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In some parts of Kashmir, including Gulmarg and Pahalgam, minimum temperatures dropped further with the region recording light snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No damage to life or property has been reported.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Traffic advisories have been issued to travellers planning to use the highway and they have been asked to contact the traffic control room before setting off on their journey, Lal added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The smoke from the raging fire spread rapidly, trapping the residents in the stairs, Mumbai Fire Brigade chief P S Rahangdale said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Jamalpur: 063444-3101	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lal is survived by two sons, a daughter and wife.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Voltage is so low that fans are not moving.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A row of houses could be seen slanting at odd angles, leaning against one another in one town, and many schools were closed, NHK said.	SADNESS	1.0
Chief minister Manik Sarkar, accompanied by Choudhury and chief secretary Yashpal Singh visited the quake-affected localities in Dhalai and Unokoti districts on Wednesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An official with the local disaster agency, Akris, said "many houses have collapsed."	SADNESS	1.0
The bodies of the passengers were removed from the mangled remains of the ill-fated coaches of the Howrah-Kurla Lokmanya Tilak Gyaneshwari Super Deluxe Express and the injured taken out with the help of gas cutters, a south eastern railway spokesman said.	SADNESS	0.9
Then too, the door locks apparently jammed from excessive heat, and Singh could not come out.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The blaze has been brought under control and cooling operations are under way, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
https://t.co/chcDy32Ual— TOI Cities (@TOICitiesNews) 1537508912000Odisha: Two shutters of Upper Kolab dam in Koraput have been opened today following a rise in the water level.…	SURPRISE	0.9
The gender and identity of the person has not been confirmed yet.	SADNESS	1.0
The fire started at Kama Industrial Estate on Wallbert Road and spread to a structure used as a factory.	SURPRISE	1.0
Muharram holiday in Bhubaneswar cancelled after cyclone, heavy rainfall warning	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Complimenting the state authorities for their efforts, Modi reiterated that the Centre was providing all possible assistance to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.3
The Indonesian volcano which caused a tsunami that killed more than 400 people last week lost more than two-thirds of its height following the eruption which triggered the killer waves.	SURPRISE	1.0
"It's very sad.	SADNESS	1.0
In 2013, Typhoon Haiyan left more than 7,300 people dead or missing, flattened villages and displaced more than 5 million in the central Philippines.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The fire brigade was informed which arrived in a few minutes.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hot and humid condition is prevailing in Odisha even after the onset of South-west monsoon on June 8.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM/NEW DELHI: The Centre on Monday declared the devastating floods in Kerala a "calamity of severe nature" as the state braced for the gigantic task of reconstruction of destroyed infrastructure and rehabilitation of lakhs of people rendered homeless.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Our tickets are also booked but we are not sure when our friends who were supposed to go back with us will be evacuated and the weather will clear,” Reddy told TOI on Thursday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Kerala, I took stock of the situation arising in the wake of the devastating floods across the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Residents of Ranchi complained about the weather condition as humidity levels rose to 60%.	SADNESS	1.0
Irrigation department engineer Vimal Verma said that the biggest reservoir in the district, Nanak Sagar dam, with a capacity of around 60 million cubic metres has run dry even before the sowing season is over.	SURPRISE	1.0
GUWAHATI: A Guwahati-bound special train carrying about 1600 affected passengers has left flood-ravaged Kerala's Trivandrum and is expected to reach here on Thursday, Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Rescue teams were dispatched from Jabalpur and Itarsi stations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Weather will mainly be dry across the state, weather office said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
#WestBengal https://t.co/nLgykP2jTv— ANI (@ANI) 1537054380000 Bagri market is one of the biggest retail and wholesale markets of Kolkata.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mughalsarai division forms part of East Central Railway (ECR) zone whose headquarter is in Hajipur in Bihar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“None was injured in the incident.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The weather department has warned that heatwave conditions will prevail in north Gujarat and Kutch on Thursday and Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A tsunami following a volcanic eruption killed 62 people and injured hundreds more as it slammed without warning into tourist beaches and coastal areas around Indonesia's Sunda Strait on Saturday night, sending panicked holidaymakers and residents fleeing.	SURPRISE	1.0
BAREILLY: Rocked by three derailments in Bareilly division within 12 hours, Railways suspended four supervisors in its engineering section and ordered a probe.	DISGUST	0.3
NEW DELHI: A massive fire at a camp of the Rohingya refugees in southeast Delhi's Kalindi Kunj area today rendered at least 228 of them homeless, police said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The southwest monsoon that set into Kerala yesterday, is expected to advance into Andhra Pradesh around June 3.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Search operation officials, who rescued the two minors, said they were admitted to the district hospital at Kupwara, but Bhat was later shifted to Sher-I-Kashmir Institute of Medical Sciences, Soura, for specialised treatment.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The Weather Channel even gave a name (Jonas) to the winter storm in what New York Times twitted was “partstorm, part marketing ploy.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The technical team of the railway department reached the spot around 7:55 am to clear the track, which took at least five hours.	ANGER	0.6
Meanwhile, on early Tuesday morning, a fire erupted in a hotel at Dadar near Sarvodhay Bhavan.	SURPRISE	1.0
Track repair work was underway to restore normal running of trains "at the earliest", they added.	OPTIMISM	0.2
Most of the 78 people, who were given shelter at the Juma Masjid, were Hindus, Chaliyar village panchayat chief P T Usman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Macau, next door to Hong Kong, casinos were ordered to close from 11 p.m.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The train left Sonkhamb at 2.22pm and reached Nagpur at 3.05pm,” said Kumar.Pantry	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People here empathized with the people of Kerala and offered donations.”	OPTIMISM	0.5
In January, four soldiers were killed by an avalanche, while last year another four died when their vehicle was buried under an avalanche near Leh, the main city of the high-altitude region known as Ladakh.	SADNESS	1.0
The railway communication system was totally paralysed as an irate mob also ransacked the railway station, cabin and tracks.	SURPRISE	1.0
The incident took place near the Khooni Nallah area on the Kupwara-Tangdhar road, a traffic police official told PTI.	SADNESS	0.8
I love fresh air and there's no one on the streets, no cars.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lt. Gen. D R Soni, the chief of the Army's Southern Command, told a press conference in Thiruvananthapuram that rescue operations were still continuing and drones being used to help reach people trapped in areas that are not easily accessible.	SURPRISE	0.3
This attracted the attention of the RPF personnel, who had boarded the train at Itarsi and were in B1 coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake was felt in surrounding regions, including the states of Nueva Esparta, Monagas, Bolivar, Delta Amacuro, Aragua and Carabobo, and the capital Caracas, Interior Minister Nestor Reverol said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Virginia State Police responded to more than 800 traffic accidents.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
According to railways, Ajmer-Jammu Tavi Express left Ajmer railway station around 3.43pm and control room got the information that three bogies - S2, S3 and S9 had derailed between Phulera and Jaipur.	SURPRISE	0.6
PIMPRI CHINCHWAD: The Talegaon station mosque has raised Rs1 lakh in donation from the people gathered for namaz on the occasion of Eid-ul-Adha on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The weather office has forecast cold wave conditions to continue over Punjab, Haryana, west UP and north Rajasthan for the next two days.	SURPRISE	0.8
Dozens of people, mostly small-scale miners and their families, were feared to have been trapped by a landslide in the far-flung village of Ucab in Itogon town in the northern Philippines' Benguet province, Itogon Mayor Victorio Palangdan said by phone on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In another blaze, a fire erupted at Juhu Tara Road in a residential apartment.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Only one body, that of fisherman Sishuranjan Das, has so far been recovered from a creek adjacent to Jambudwip in the Sundarbans.The	SADNESS	1.0
The daughter, in turn, called her relative Jaywant Sawant who rushed to the building but couldn't find Shirke in her apartment after climbing 12 floors.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A call was received at 12.20 pm about the fire in the hotel's records kept in the basement and eight fire tenders were rushed to the spot, he said.	SURPRISE	0.6
All but four of the victims are from the community of 4,600 people.	SURPRISE	0.9
Hotels and other buildings in both locations are not allowed to exceed the height of coconut trees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though the state government is struggling to verify the number of deaths, most of the casualties have reportedly happened in a landslide, triggered by the cyclone, at a village in Gajapati district.	SADNESS	1.0
"The fire broke out at 2.30am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The highway was opened to traffic on Monday after nine hours following heavy rains that triggered a similar situation, especially along the Ramban stretch of the nearly 300 km-long highway.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We had planned Onam celebration on August 25.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There were a few days in August where all the rain-gauge stations reported more than 100mm rainfall in the district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Bitting cold wave swept across Punjab and Haryana with mercury dipping in most areas.	SURPRISE	1.0
President Pratibha Patil, who is in China, and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressed grief over the loss of lives in the incident.	SADNESS	0.4
Governors in at least 10 American states have declared states of emergency while Washington is likely to be covered under 30 inches of snow over the weekend, in what could be a record snowfall.	SADNESS	1.0
But they're working too slow," said Masin, the brother-in-law, as ambulances passed by, sirens wailing.	SURPRISE	1.0
Rescuers from the Army and Air Force have been deployed to search for them, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Launching a campaign for another term as head of his ruling party, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reiterated his government will "do its best" to restore the disasters-hit regions.	SADNESS	1.0
BHUBANESWAR: Odisha government on Thursday issued show cause notice to Kendriya Vidyalaya-1 for continuing classes despite severe heat wave conditions.	SURPRISE	0.3
NEW DELHI: India has sent 170 tonnes of relief materials for the earthquake-hit people in Nepal through train, giving a major boost to its efforts to help the Himalayan nation.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The accident led to panic in the train with passengers trying to leave en masse.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
HANAMKONDA (WARANGAL): In a major fire accident, five RTC buses were completely gutted at the Warangal-1 RTC bus depot, in the wee hours of Thursday.	SURPRISE	1.0
"Some residents had returned to the building today due to rains despite them AMC officials asking people to vacate their houses," said Ahmedabad Mayor Bijal Patel.	SURPRISE	0.8
Some of the survivors who returned to Digha coast on Wednesday had a harrowing experience in the Bay of Bengal.	SADNESS	1.0
The words snowmageddon and snowcalypse were being bandied around aplenty on Thursday as capital area residents, who go into a panic at even couple of inches of snow, stampeded into supermarkets and emptied out the shelves of bread, milk, eggs and other essentials.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Heavy snowfall on Razdan Top and Gurez valley disrupted traffic movement on the Mughal Road and the Bandipora-Gurez road, while inclement weather also suspended chopper services in Katra.	SADNESS	0.8
It had sought an interim assistance of Rs 2,600 crore from the Centre, besides a special package of a similar amount under the Mahatma Gandhi Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGA).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Neighbouring Malaysia and Australia both said they were ready to provide assistance if needed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources said that the driver claimed that he was given a green signal and had no idea that hundreds of people were standing on the tracks.	SURPRISE	1.0
All the passengers in the train are from Assam who were stranded in the Kerala flood, that has claimed over 300 lives.	SADNESS	0.5
The Lahaul-Spiti district witnessed about four feet of snowfall up to Monday.	SURPRISE	0.6
Similarly, maximum temperature in Varanasi was 15.4 degrees Celsius, 8 degrees below normal and Allahabad recorded 13.7 degrees Celsius, which was 7 degrees below normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Saturday, 13 stations recorded similar readings.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Moreover we have taken all precautions for students like drinking water and leaving them by 10.3o am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There are still high readings of natural gas in the area.	SURPRISE	1.0
Maoists made their presence felt at a time when President Ramnath Kovind was on a two-day visit to Bastar.	ANGER	0.6
Bay of Bengal cyclone revives showers in Bihar	SURPRISE	0.8
Lack of information about the isolated areas and houses, where a large number of people are believed to be stuck, is a worrying factor for rescuers, official sources said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
A dusting of snow!” mocked the New York Post, calling the situation a “live-action metaphor for government itself.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Here are some of the major quakes and tsunamis in recent years:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"This situation needs to be handled very seriously and emergency treatment has to be provided with immediate effect.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
Lucknow was coldest in UP with minimum temperature 6.6 degrees Celsius.	SADNESS	0.8
“We were still asleep when we heard a loud sound resembling an explosion.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Sources said that soon after leaving its station, the engine of the train derailed.	SURPRISE	0.6
We will also be raising funds too,” said Cijimon Kesavan, secretary, Auckland Malyali Hindu Samajam.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The gambling enclave of Macau, near Hong Kong, suffered catastrophic flooding during Typhoon Hato last August that left 10 dead and led to accusations of corruption and incompetence at its meteorological office.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
I will never forget the experience," Chandra Prabha said, breathing a sigh of relief after her flight landed here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wheat planting fell by 4.02% to 298.67 lakh hectare, as on January 19.	SURPRISE	0.9
All vehicles were recovered and the transients left for their respective destinations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wind speed at Gopalpur during the landfall was around 126kmph.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Nearly 14.50 lakh people from 3.91 lakh families have taken shelter in about 3,879 relief camps across the state.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
cars of two trains, including Nagpur-bound Gondwana Express, were used to supply around 350 food packets and water bottles in the affected coaches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Hokkaido government said Sunday that two people remain missing and one other person has no vital signs.	SADNESS	1.0
BIJNOR: Following a massive storm, a major train accident was averted here in Bijnor after a high-tension wire fell on the Chandigarh-Lucknow Intercity Express at Mauzampur on Friday night at around 11:45.	SURPRISE	0.5
Turkey's official Anadolu news agency said two machinists were called in for questioning at the prosecutor's office.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But authorities said a warning siren went off in some areas.	SURPRISE	0.9
(AFP) Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan spoke to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other central leaders on Thursday to request more help.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Shimla recorded maximum temperature of 10.4 degrees Celsius and 10 mm rainfall, Bhuntar recorded maximum temperature of 12.6 degrees Celsius and 9 mm rainfall, Kalpa recorded maximum temperature of 1.2 degrees Celsius and 16 cm snowfall, Keylong recorded maximum temperature of 2.1 degrees Celsius, Solan recorded maximum temperature of 17.5 degrees Celsius and 7 mm rainfall, Manali recorded maximum temperature of 8 degrees Celsius and 7 mm rainfall, Chamba recorded maximum temperature of 20 degrees Celsius and Dalhousie recorded maximum temperature of 10.8 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It has decided to send 35 more NDRF teams comprising nearly 1,000 personnel.	OPTIMISM	0.6
A total of 52 teams of the army, air force, navy, Coast Guard and NDRF are already engaged in rescue and relief operations, and 2,182 people have been rescued and 968 evacuated so far by NDRF, army and navy teams.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Thirteen coaches of the Patna-bound passenger train had derailed near Manikpur Railway Station in Uttar Pradesh.	SURPRISE	0.5
Meanwhile, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has issued a ‘red-coded’ warning of heat wave in several parts of the state for the next three to four days.	SURPRISE	1.0
They are from a hotel and a nightclub," a spokesperson said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It happened very quickly," he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The epicentre was in Jhajjar district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, railways cancelled four passenger trains on Monday which included Saharsa-Amritsar Jansewa Express, Saharsa-Barauni Express, Patna-Saharsa Rajyarani Express and Patna-Saharsa Kosi Express.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Casualties continued to mount as 26 more people were reported dead on Thursday, taking the total to 97 deaths.	SADNESS	0.8
The police have booked Hratesh Sanghvi, Jigar Sanghvi and Abhijeet Manka of C Grade Hospitality, which manages the pub, along with others, under various charges including cuplable homicide not amounting to murder, reported PTI.	ANGER	1.0
They would work along with more than 50,000 volunteers to clean houses and public places filled with slush and debris dumped by the floods, officials said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Japan's Hokkaido Electric Power Co said it conducted an emergency shutdown of all its fossil fuel-fired power plants after the quake, leading to blackouts across Hokkaido.	SURPRISE	1.0
It first appeared in 1927 and has been growing ever since.	SURPRISE	1.0
Because of this, people had to seek relief by lighting bonfire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In every ten minutes power is going out for half an hour or more.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"All steps should be taken to protect lives and properties," the chief minister added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It said clean drinking water was scarce because of a recent spell of extremely dry weather in Lombok.	SADNESS	1.0
Now we are really confused what to do,” said principal pf another Kendriya Vidyalaya in the city requesting anonymity.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
India-born billionaire BR Shetty, chairman of Unimoni and UAE Exchange, had pledged Rs 2 crore.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Such was the ferocity of the impact that some of the passengers waiting at the platform collapsed in shock.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The two leaders agreed that the details of India's relief assistance will be worked out through diplomatic and official channels.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
* Punjab Police officials said that the DMU (diesel multiple unit) driver was detained and was being questioned regarding the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They were rushed to the nearby KEM Hospital where they are stable.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Unprepared and underprepared:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The programme, which includes speakers from around the world, went ahead as planned on Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Everyone is working very seriously,” the AAI chief said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It reported three very heavy and three extremely heavy rainfall spells in August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Indian Meteorological Department says there will be little respite from heavy rains for the next 48 hours, till August 19.	JOY	0.4
"Around 44 columns of army are working in various parts of Sikkim, while another 15 are in the East District of the state.	OPTIMISM	0.3
NEW DELHI: India has sent 170 tonnes of relief materials for the earthquake-hit people in Nepal through train, giving a major boost to its efforts to help the Himalayan nation.	OPTIMISM	0.7
"There were some easterly winds in Delhi, which are moist due to which the heat waves were averted, but mercury will gradually rise from Friday onwards and last till the month-end or at least till May 28," Kuldeep Srivastava, scientist at India Meteorological Department (IMD), told IANS.	SADNESS	1.0
Singh, who works with engineering wing of 70 Road Construction Company at Stingri in Lahaul, got trapped in avalanche, while the two had a narrow escape.	SURPRISE	1.0
AMC Assistant Chief Fire Officer Rajesh Bhatt said four people had been rescued so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
MUMBAI: Three fire incidents were reported on Tuesday from across the city from the midnight till morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to the met department, it recognises a hot weather condition as heatwave only after the maximum temperature reaches at least 40 degrees for plains and 30 degrees for hilly regions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We organised special camps – collection centres – at 15 places in Ernavur, Ennore and nearby places.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DRM, Khurda Road, Chief Safety Officer of the ECoR and other senior officials have rushed to the spot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities have not confirmed if any passengers remain trapped alive inside the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
No casualties have been reported so far in the fire incident.	OPTIMISM	1.0
"We are observing weather patterns and its too early to comment if slight rain showers are likely towards the end of the month or May 29.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The plan to release excess water from the Pong dam on Beas river in Kangra district was deferred till Wednesday morning, providing relief to the residents of low-lying areas in the state and neighbouring Punjab.	SURPRISE	0.3
"My thoughts are with the bereaved families in this hour of grief.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
According to IMD, Thursday will see heat wave conditions in Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, Rajasthan, upto 50 per cent of places in Punjab, west Madhya Pradesh and Vidarbha and upto 25 per cent places of Gujarat, east Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Uttar Pradesh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Still, the Philippines appeared to have been spared the high number of casualties many had feared.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Snorkel ladders were used to rescue residents stranded in the building, an official in the fire brigade control room here said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident happened around 2am at the junction station, which lies between Rampurhat and Bolpur in Birbhum district.	SADNESS	0.3
The previous highest was 1,387mm recorded way back in 1907.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pakistan army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had recently said that India had hardened its position on the Siachen issue as compared to the 1989 stance it had adopted, saying that it "takes two hands to clap".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The previous highest was 1,387mm recorded way back in 1907.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Eight districts of Odisha -- Ganjam, Khurdha, Puri, Jagatsinghpur, Gajapati Kendrapara, Bhadrak and Balasore -- were hit by the very severe cyclonic storm that caused heavy to very heavy rainfall in large parts of the state, damaging thatched and asbestos houses and street lights.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
More than 100 huts have collapsed in Patuakhali amidst a power blackout in the area.	SADNESS	1.0
Around 4.50 am, the driver spotted the truck smashing through the level crossing boom and reaching the tracks.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
In Connecticut, which also saw the worst of Nemo, the gurdwara management is getting prepared to be called on for community service.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to sources, seven people have lost their lives due to severe cold in Udham Singh Nagar district this season.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Delhi police officers said that they've initiated an investigation into the case.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DHARAMSHALA: With day temperatures hovering at the 40 degrees Celsius mark, the Kangra district administration in the hill state of Himachal Pradesh has directed all schools to shut by 12.30 pm, officials said on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
On information, fire personnel from Thiruvottiyur and Ennore pressed into the service and they battled it out for about two hours to contain the fire.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
HYDERABAD: A minor fire occurred at the cellar of the Apollo Hospital, Jubilee Hills on Friday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Visakhapatnam-Kirandul passenger train was about to cross the same tracks when the engine driver was alerted.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
TRICHY: The engine of Karaikudi-Chennai Pallavan Superfast Express train derailed as it was nearing Trichy Railway Junction around 6.25am on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
NDRF teams have been able to rescue 11 persons out of 16 persons rescued altogether.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Police have seized both posters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We announced about the camps through public address system and assigned an autorickshaw to drive us around the residences to inform about the camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The massive 7.5-magnitude tremor struck Friday and sent monster waves barrelling into the island of Sulawesi, leaving at least 844 dead in the seaside city of Palu and surrounding areas.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
With an alert sounded by the administration regarding bad weather from five in the morning till 12 noon on Friday, chances of speedy evacuation remained dim for those waiting for an end to the ordeal.	SADNESS	1.0
Minimum temperatures also rose by 3° Celsius on an average state-wide in the past 72 hours, the IMD said in its statement.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Road clearance operation will be begin soon after the rain stops," he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: After two days of persistent heat wave, the National Capital and surrounding regions on Thursday saw "very slight" respite, as average maximum temperature stood at 43 degrees Celsius, three notches above the season's average.	JOY	0.2
Zone-III was allowed use of land for non-agri purpose.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Every year, during this time, Maoists resort to violence.	DISGUST	0.7
Rain abates in flood-hit Kerala, focus now on rehabilitation: Key developmentsThe IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.The	OPTIMISM	0.6
Its epicenter was about 2 kilometers (1 mile) east-southeast of Loloan.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The highway has been closed due to landslides in Udhampur and shooting stones at places in Ramban district, he said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
An avalanche hit a security installation of Army’s 20-Dogra regiment in Kupwara’s Nowgam sector that swept two soldiers who are missing till reports came in.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The police suspected that the kitchen fire from one of the houses may have triggered fire.	SURPRISE	1.0
The track is very old and week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Oxfam said more than 20,000 people were in temporary shelters and thousands more were camping out in the open.	SADNESS	1.0
A fire broke out at a Mitsubishi Steel Mfg Co plant in the city of Muroran after the quake but was mostly extinguished with no injuries, a company official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The restoration work is being supervised by the divisional railway manager of Chakradharpur and heads of departments from SER’s headquarters in Kolkata,” Majumdar added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Passengers’ belongings lay strewn scattered on the tracks.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.4
"The cyclone gradually lost its strength as it headed towards India's Tripura state crossing (Bangladesh's) Bandarban (hill district) this afternoon," meteorology department's deputy director Shamsuddin Ahmed said yesterday.	SURPRISE	0.4
Hundreds of homes and other buildings were "heavily damaged" when the tsunami struck along the rim of the Sunda Strait late on Saturday, Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, spokesman for the disaster mitigation agency, said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Earlier on July 1, an earthquake measuring 4.0 on the Richter scale hit Haryana's Sonipat.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Launching a campaign for another term as head of his ruling party, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe reiterated his government will "do its best" to restore the disasters-hit regions.	SADNESS	1.0
The battery car track to Shri Mata Cave shrine in Trikuta Hills was closed for pilgrims in view of heavy rain, imminent hailstorms and landslides.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The National Tsunami Warning Center has issued a tsunami warning for coastal zones of southern Alaska following an earthquake that rocked buildings in downtown Anchorage.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Chuni Lal Thakur, head of the rescue team, said: “The jawan remained under about 5ft of snow for nearly 1.5 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The incident took place near Pirsua village between Raya and Sonai railway station, 18km away from Mathura junction at around 1.15am when Ramnagar-Bandra Terminus Weekly Express was heading toward Mathura.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railways released helpline number and confirmed that no causality was reported in the accident.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The brother-in-law of the dead man complained that authorities have not brought in heavy equipment that it is desperately needed.	ANGER	1.0
The ship, ferrying naptha from Mundra in Gujarat to Colombo, caught fire in the evening, and the vessel lost its power and propulsion.	SURPRISE	1.0
The incident, involving the 12793 Tirupati-Nizamabad Rayalaseema Express, affected rail traffic.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire brigade recieved a call about the incident at 6.24pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While the real reason behind the accident will be ascertained only after a probe by the Commissioner of Railway Safety, initial investigations suggested that a rail fracture led to the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We are calling for the utmost calm and patience," Reverol said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Director General, National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) Sanjay Kumar said more than 35 NDRF teams were airlifted in 2017 for rescue operations in flood-hit areas, leading to the rescue of over 3,000 people and evacuation of more than 1 lakh.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The sixth floor houses the office of the directorate of enforcement, ministry of finance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Through this initiative, Times Network strives to give the cause a unified voice and encourage the nation to join hands and contribute to support Kerala, the company said in a release here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The passengers were on their way from Kupwara to Karnah in a cab when their vehicle was struck by the avalanche around 4pm on Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"We welcome the extension of summer holidays as the extreme heat was affecting the activities of students.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Nearby hotels, eateries and restaurants still remain closed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several buildings in Manipur secretariat and the landmark Ima market in Imphal had developed cracks, while some school structures collapsed.	SADNESS	1.0
“Though there was an increase of 41.44% rainfall this time, the flood situation worsened not because of the downpour, but due to the opening of shutters of 44 dams at the same time without giving prior warning,” Congress leader and leader of opposition Ramesh Chennithala alleged.	SURPRISE	0.8
A stone and marks made by it on the track were found at the spot where the derailment took place.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He applied brakes but the train ploughed into the truck.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But critics say the derailment could have been prevented.	SURPRISE	0.8
Army porter Ghulam Qadir Khan, a resident of Tulail’s Kilshey village in Gurez, fell to death after slipping from a height during snowfall, said police.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Jharkhand is in the track of winds that blow from North-west to South-east and there is heavy snowfall in the norther states," weather scientist of Birsa Agricultural Univerisity A Wadood said explaining the cold wave conditions sweeping the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fujian province to the north of Guangdong is also closing beaches and tourist sites, the agency reported.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The fire was immediately controlled and extinguished.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The central government is ensuring that benefits under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, MGNREGA, various social security schemes, Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture reach those affected on a priority basis in Kerala," he added.	OPTIMISM	0.3
The floods in Kerala are estimated to have damaged crops and properties worth over Rs 8,000 crore even as a fresh red alert was sounded in 13 of the 14 districts in the state.	SURPRISE	0.7
SAINTHIA (Birbhum): Death came at express speed to the sleepy station of Sainthia early Monday when the Uttar Banga Express roared in at 90kmph and crashed into the rear of the Ranchi-bound Vananchal Express, which was about to pull out of the platform.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
While addressing a press conference, Singh said that he has ordered immediate release of Rs 3 crore to DC Amritsar for payment of ex-gratia to the families of the deceased.	SADNESS	1.0
"We welcome the extension of summer holidays as the extreme heat was affecting the activities of students.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOCHI: The Times Network, part of The Times Group, on Monday said that it has initiated a fund-raising campaign, 'India For Kerala' to create awareness and raise funds towards relief efforts for those hit by the heavy rains and floods.	OPTIMISM	0.6
“I don’t think children can sit for long hours in schools in this searing hot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Sunday had recorded the highest day temperature in the city this season.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fortunately, there was not too much damage to the rails or sleepers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Chuni Lal Thakur, head of the rescue team, said: “The jawan remained under about 5ft of snow for nearly 1.5 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The temperature in Hyderabad is expected to plummet further by another degree in next few days.	SURPRISE	0.9
Landslides were reported in Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Idukki districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
It is quite likely that he succumbed to cold weather conditions here,” Pantnagar police station SHO Sanjay Pathak said.	SADNESS	1.0
With sunshine being of no use to the denizens, the weather remained same as was on Wednesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
#UPDATE The fire which had broken out in the basement of Ashoka Hotel in Chanakyapuri is under control.	OPTIMISM	1.0
"Each department must have a sense of crisis, make a comprehensive assessment and plan, and prepare for the worst."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Tezar Kodongan, a resident of Palu who took one of the videos, told the TV station some of the city landmarks were badly damaged.	SADNESS	1.0
Several tall ladders have been moved into the area to access the top floors of the market," said a senior fire department official.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said that Rs 1 crore will directly go to the Kerala chief minister's relief fund, while the rest will be allocated for medical relief aid, the Gulf paper added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
- 'Saw the water coming' - In devastated Sukarame village, Sunarti waded through knee-deep water as she searched for belongings outside her destroyed house -- and waited for aid to arrive.	SADNESS	1.0
A huge rescue and relief operation is in progress, with the army, navy and several non-governmental agencies also pitching in, yet by Thursday evening it was becoming evident that the scope of the disaster was outpacing current efforts to cope with it.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The railways will talk to Bihar Chamber of Commerce and Industries in this connection so that relief materials could reach Kerala in time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Bhagalpur-Ranchi Vananchal Express, that was running around four hours late, had just begun pulling out of platform no. 4 when Uttar Banga Express came rushing on the same line and rammed it from behind.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A three-member team from Power Grid Corporation is in Manipur to assist in restoring power supply.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The building also houses a branded sweet shop, a sari shop and private office on the ground floor and a hall which is let out for meetings, conferences and small functions on the first floor.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Experts say Saturday's disaster was most likely caused by a moderate eruption of the Anak Krakatoa volcano in the Sunda Strait that triggered either a large and very fast moving flow of molten rock into the sea or a sudden and massive submarine landslide -- both would displace large amounts of water, resulting in a tsunami.	SURPRISE	0.9
"The brakes were absolutely in order.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, a few employees of the Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF) in Avadi and their friends raised ?50,000 and collected relief material worth ?4 lakh from in and around Avadi, and directly distributed them to the flood-affected people in Chengannur in Kerala on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The ship, with 22 crew onboard, would be towed in to Kochi on Thursday.	SADNESS	0.9
The government has set up a control room here to coordinate the cleaning process across the state and the civic bodies have been entrusted with the task of managing the work, official sources said on Thursday.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Lack of information about the isolated areas and houses, where a large number of people are believed to be stuck, is a worrying factor for rescuers, official sources said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
The official toll from rain and floods since August 8 has been put at 97 but it was expected to be several times that number as rescuers struggled to reach far flung locations where hundreds of people, including women, children and the aged, were feared trapped on terraces of homes, atop tall buildings and, in one case, in a marooned church.	SADNESS	0.7
Minister for disaster management relief rehabilitation and reconstruction Javaid Mustafa announced an ex-gratia of Rs4 lakh for each deceased from the state disaster response fund.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Around 40,000 police, fire fighters, troops and maritime safety officials were providing assistance, with more than 2,700 people still forced to stay in shelters after the killer quake struck the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido last week.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A three-member team from Power Grid Corporation is in Manipur to assist in restoring power supply.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Heavy rainfall predicted for the day in all districts except Thiruvanan… https://t.co/02ZUIhHWuy— CMO Kerala (@CMOKerala) 1534588408000	SADNESS	0.3
Heavy rains are likely from May 30 and it is expected to intensify by June 1 or 2.”	JOY	1.0
Earthquake possibly felt 2 min ago in #National Capital Territory of Delhi #India.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The incident took place near the Khooni Nallah area on the Kupwara-Tangdhar road, a traffic police official told PTI.	SADNESS	0.8
He added that even if the argument of the opposition leader is taken at face value, the ground situation in Kerala was hugely different compared to 1924.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The railways has announced a compensation of Rs 5 lakh for each of the dead and a job to their relatives, the state said it would pitch in with an additional Rs 3 lakh.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
Power supply has been restored in the affected areas except in some parts of Senapati and Tamenglong districts.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Their occupants were washed away.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
This is not the first time that a train has derailed at the station.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials were trying to determine the exact cause of the disaster.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cause was under investigation, the Xinhua News Agency said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Higher areas of district recorded around 5-6 inch of snow.	SURPRISE	1.0
Andhra Pradesh government on Wednesday put all its departments on high alert in view of the cyclone threat along north-coastal Andhra and Odisha even as chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy appealed to striking government employees in coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema regions to return to work to meet any emergency.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Preliminary reports indicate that the collision took place due to wrong signal on the track.	DISGUST	0.2
The cause of the fire is yet to be known.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The blaze erupted yesterday around 4 pm on a corner side of the Hitech City station, an official of the L&amp;T Metro Rail (Hyderabad) Ltd, the concessionaire developing the 72-km elevated project, said.	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: A 6.1 magnitude earthquake on the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border region on Wednesday shook several parts of north India, including the national capital and the Kashmir Valley, the met department said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Met office said rains were expected to continue till Saturday, although a statewide “red alert” — the highest level weather warning — was in place only till Thursday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources in the district administration said Almora had not recorded such snow in over 40 years.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire activated the car's central-locking system, trapping the occupants inside, police added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
With the help of these, the capsized wagons were removed from the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited Managing Director N V S Reddy said that while the welding work was being done last evening, some sparks caused a small fire.	SURPRISE	0.5
AMC Commissioner Vijay Nehra said two blocks of the building of the government colony, each having around 150 residents, collapsed completely.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Unofficial reports put the minimum temperature on Thursday at 3.2 degrees Celsius at Englishbazar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Three other trains, including the Chandigarh express, were also affected and delayed for hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Firemen found the body of Aziz Virani (46) in the ground floor grocery store.	SADNESS	1.0
Many got out but dozens were trapped, he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
TOKYO: Japanese authorities say 37 people have been confirmed dead from a powerful earthquake that struck the northern island of Hokkaido last week.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At least 15 fire tenders were rushed to the spot to contain the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Odisha braces for cyclonic story, 5 districts on red alertOdisha, AP brace for cyclonic storm, five districts on red alert	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The passenger, who was working with some private company in Gurugram, is probably from Jharkhand, but his identity is yet to be established.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Images broadcast on television showed the wave pushed a tangled mess of corrugated steel roofing, timber, rubble and flotsam inland from the coast at Carita beach, a popular day-tripping spot on the west coast of Java.	SADNESS	1.0
JAMMU: The strategic Jammu-Srinagar national highway was closed on Tuesday due to multiple landslides triggered by heavy rains in Ramban and Udhampur districts, a traffic official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Traffic snarled for miles.	SURPRISE	0.9
No one was injured.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The Centre had yesterday released Rs 600 crore assistance to the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An army team launched a rescue mission last night in Tangdhar at Nasta Chhun Pass after it received information about stranded vehicles full of passengers including women, children and the elderly, and an ambulance with a critically-ill heart patient, an army spokesman said today.	SADNESS	0.9
when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.In	NO-EMOTION	0.0
These winds also kept mercury low during the day.	SURPRISE	0.8
According to the meteorological department there was a deep depression area over the North Andaman Sea this morning.	SURPRISE	0.8
The night temperatures in the Valley and Ladakh region continued to remain several degrees below the freezing point.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Turkish authorities, including President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, have said the derailment is being fully investigated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This might have serious implications on the life and health conditions of the students and others,” wrote special relief commissioner Bishnupada Sethi to the school.	ANGER	1.0
Since April 2017, three major derailments have occurred in three sections of Northern Railway in UP.	SURPRISE	0.5
All nine flood monitoring stations of Central Water Commission in Kerala have notified ‘Extreme Flood Situation’.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Heavy rains are likely from May 30 and it is expected to intensify by June 1 or 2.”	JOY	1.0
"It is still raining heavily in the affected stretch of the highway.	SURPRISE	0.9
Hong Kong's RTHK broadcaster cited experts as saying Mangkhut was expected to be the strongest typhoon to hit the city in decades.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Chief fire officer Atul Garg said that the fire was reported at 4.25pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Quarrying is another major issue in both these districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He had will power to survive and was lucky too.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some 100 people were safely evacuated from the building.	OPTIMISM	0.9
It is a low-intensity cyclone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"When the earthquake happened, I stopped praying with dozens of other people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
In every ten minutes power is going out for half an hour or more.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
per the forecast, the city temperature may drop further to 10 degrees C on Thursday (December 21), but is expected to rise to 13 degrees Celsius by Christmas night,” he said.The	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Even as heat waves were averted by few notches of mercury in Delhi and surrounding areas, the orange warning -- "severe heat alert for the day" -- continues for Delhi till May 28, including Rajasthan, Haryana, Punjab, western and eastern Madhya Pradesh, northern Gujarat and Kutch, western Uttar Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Himachal Pradesh sand Vidharba in Maharashtra.	SADNESS	1.0
KOLKATA: A fire broke out in a residential building on Shambhunath Pandit Street early on Saturday morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
“The ECR railway officers’ association (ROA) will hold a meeting in this connection on Thursday to decide the amount to be contributed ,” Rajesh said, adding it would be a token contribution from the ECR to the PM’s relief fund.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Ganjam, reports of damage to hutments and other structures and uprooting of trees were received from some areas, he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
As for the Jnaneswari Express accident, the state government had gone for an inquiry because "the incident had a different dimension", Ghosh said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Food, medical supplies, tarpaulins and clothes are also urgently needed, it said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha chaired the review meeting while Manipur Chief Secretary participated in it through video conference.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sandeep Kumar, deputy commissioner of Kangra in Dharamshala, has instructed deputy directors of elementary and higher education in the district to implement the new timings with immediate effect.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The government has set up a control room here to coordinate the cleaning process across the state and the civic bodies have been entrusted with the task of managing the work, official sources said on Thursday.	OPTIMISM	0.7
There were also reports that the engine driver was watchful and spotted some leaflets lying on the track.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Eight fire tenders were pressed into service and it took them around an hour to extinguish the blazes.	SURPRISE	0.6
Residents of Ranchi complained about the weather condition as humidity levels rose to 60%.	SADNESS	1.0
Zone-II was allowed to renovate and extend existing structures such as hotels and resorts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
My thoughts are with the bereaved families in this hour of grief.	SADNESS	1.0
It was travelling from Hubli to Bangalore.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Soldiers were shown looking for damage on a rural road that was blocked by fallen trees.	SADNESS	1.0
It occurred in Jhajjar district and the tremors were also felt in the national capital, the NCS added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Authorities warned residents and tourists in coastal areas around the Sunda Strait to stay away from beaches and a high-tide warning remained in place through till Dec. 25.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Shimla: Himachal Pradesh is in the grips of intensified cold, following snowfall in higher reaches and rainfall in lower regions.	SURPRISE	1.0
Anak Krakatoa is a small volcanic island that emerged from the ocean half a century after Krakatoa's deadly 1883 eruption which killed more than 36,000 people.	SADNESS	1.0
Over 1,000 houses are fully destroyed and 26,000 partially.	SADNESS	0.9
Nugroho said more than 4,600 foreign and Indonesian tourists had been evacuated from the islands, with ships taking people to ports in Lombok and Benoa, Bali.	SURPRISE	1.0
Across the state, Surendranagar was the hottest place at 45.7°C while Deesa was the second hottest at 45.2°C degrees.	SURPRISE	1.0
A landslide along a long ridge in the rural town of Atsuma could be seen in aerial footage from public broadcaster NHK.	SURPRISE	1.0
https://t.co/Zk1LYhkF8y— ANI (@ANI) 1537509178000#WATCH: Parts of Malkangiri town in Odisha have been flooded following heavy rainfall caused due to cyclonic storm…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It was informed that 90 per cent of their staff (had) got affected by the flood and are out of station,” CIAL said in a statement.	SURPRISE	0.2
Disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said he hopes "a lot" of people can be saved from the mosque.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Its manufacturer may also be asked to help us in the probe," said an officer.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 28-year-old woman celebrating her birthday was among those who died, her grandfather told Reuters	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
There were no early reports of deaths but a man suffered cardiac arrest after falling down stairs, Japanese media reported.	SURPRISE	1.0
The firemen managed to rescue another 20 persons stranded in the smoke-spewing residential building with several families living there.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Roof tiles and water covered floors at Hokkaido's main airport, New Chitose Airport, which would be closed for at least Thursday.	SURPRISE	1.0
One of them was in the intensive care unit, he added.	SADNESS	1.0
Avalanches and landslides are common in the area during the winter and temperatures there can drop as low as minus 60 degrees celsius (140 degrees Fahrenheit).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The ruling Communist Party has tried to improve fire safety following deadly blazes at hotels, shopping malls and apartment buildings.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A fire official told TOI on Wednesday night that they were still probing the cause of the fire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Almora DM Binod Kumar Suman said, “At least 5,000 trees have fallen in the district, many on top of houses.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Normalcy is slowly returning to Nepal five weeks after two deadly earthquakes struck the country, leaving nearly 9,000 people dead and injuring over 21,000.	SADNESS	1.0
Both tracks are blocked as two coaches of the passenger train derailed, an ECoR official said.	SURPRISE	0.6
JAKARTA: Indonesian officials issued a tsunami warning on Friday after a powerful earthquake rocked the island of Sulawesi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The mountain is steep and rises to an elevation of over 13,000ft where snow depth is several feet.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The daytime temperature in Giridih was 7 notches above its normal of 33° Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“This includes financial assistance, providing food grains and medicines.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: A massive fire broke out in a spare parts godown in north Delhi's Mori Gate on Wednesday night, killing its 48-year-old guard and injuring a worker.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Railways, however, put the death toll at 28.	SADNESS	0.8
After the show-cause notice issued to the school there is a mixed response among the parents of the school.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I shouted into the walkie talkie and waved the flag, but the train didn't stop," said Mator Let, the cabin operator at Sainthia station.	SURPRISE	1.0
Though it is likely to weaken from a super typhoon to a severe typhoon, it will still pack sustained winds of 175 kph (109 mph), it said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Thursday's minimum temperature was recorded at 26.5 degrees, the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.2 was recorded near the southern Indonesian island of Flores, the US Geological Survey said on Tuesday, four days after a devastating quake on Sulawesi island killed at least 844 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Natthu Lal Bathla, a farmer from Jafarpur village, said, “Kharif crop is sown in almost one lakh hectares of land in Terai region.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Since August 14, we were confined in a hotel.	SADNESS	0.4
Japan's summers are notoriously hot and humid, and hundreds of people die each year from heatstroke, particularly the elderly in the country's ageing society.	SADNESS	1.0
He claimed that there was 3,368 mm rain that year and only 2,500 mm this time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In order to facilitate speedy issue of 80(G) Income Tax receipts, donors should provide the transaction details of donations deposited directly in any of the PMNRF collection banks along with the address of the donor through e-mail at pmnrf@gov.in	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We brought in sniffer dog and used saws and a drill but we can't figure out where he is," said Aprintinus Titus, a rescue worker from the National Search and Rescue Agency.	SADNESS	0.7
The railway station was cleared for train movement after an hour.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said that on Wednesday morning when Mandal complained of uneasiness, his family members decided to take him to a medical facility in Rudrapur.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The bodies were retrieved in Dargah Chhara and Habir Chhara areas, Didar Ferdous, inspector of Teknaf Police Station, said.	SADNESS	1.0
An active volunteer group of 6,000 was the strong force under Compassionate Keralam, a volunteering group which is an extended edition of Compassionate Kozhikode launched by IAS officer N Prasanth, played a major role in helping the government machinery save lives of hundreds trapped in the floods.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the coming days, the Met officials said that the night temperatures would drop below five degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The central government is ensuring that benefits under the Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana, MGNREGA, various social security schemes, Mission for Integrated Development of Horticulture reach those affected on a priority basis in Kerala," he added.	OPTIMISM	0.3
The passengers were on their way from Kupwara to Karnah in a cab when their vehicle was struck by the avalanche around 4pm on Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The volcano erupted again just after 9pm on Saturday, the agency said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Vijayan earlier said in a Facebook post that Kerala is striving together as one to overcome the "catastrophic" floods with "monumental strength".	OPTIMISM	0.9
Normal life affected in Bhubaneswar as the city recorded sporadic rainfall in isolated pockets since Friday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
According to a report of the Regional Seismological Centre at Shillong, the epicentre of the medium intensity earthquake, was at a place 22 kilometre from Dhing in Nagaon district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Such incidents have taken place in the past as well, but the speed and the construction of the train is such that any major accident is unlikely.	ANGER	0.4
PATNA: The railways has decided to transport relief materials to flood-hit Kerala free of cost.	OPTIMISM	0.6
After a 7.9 earthquake hit Nepal on April 25, India rushed with food and rescue to help the calamity-struck country by launching 'Operation Maitri' which saw Indian armed forces rescuing thousands in the Himalayan country.	OPTIMISM	1.0
"For non-governmental organisations (NGOs), it depends if they have exemption under the Income Tax Act.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the rescue operations, Lance Naik Hanamanthappa Koppad (resident of Betadur, Dharwad district of Karnataka) has been found alive.	OPTIMISM	1.0
We thought the coach would catch fire and jumped, because the train was running at a low speed.”	SURPRISE	0.6
IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Identified as Satnam Singh, a Sikh jawan from Punjab, was entering the tunnel with two other local persons from Lahaul to reach Manali when an avalanche hit the area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With mercury levels steadily rising across the state over the past 72 hours, the Ranchi office of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Monday issued a heat wave alert for isolated parts of the state in the coming next two days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There's a deep depression positioned near Titlagarh as per updates at 5.30am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
To put that in perspective, if Thursday's rain over just 1sq km area was to be poured over a football field, it would create a pool nearly 10 storeys (38 metres) high.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several people are still trapped inside the mangled bogies of the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
However, a warning of ground frost has been issued for the west UP districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Governor P Sathasivam, chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan and Union minister K J Alphons accompanied the PM during the aerial survey.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Typhoon Mangkhut killed at least 25 people in the Philippines as it smashed homes and left behind torrents of floodwater, and is now on course to plough into China's coast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The report allows sustainable development in zone-II and zone-III.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pray with us," he added.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
(sic)” Reiterating the avalanche warning, director of state disaster management authority, Amir Ali, said, “As per the Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment (SASE), there is a low danger avalanche warning in the higher reaches of Anantnag, Kulgam, Budgam, Baramulla, Kupwara, Bandipora, Ganderbal, Kargil, Leh, Poonch, Rajouri, Reasi, Udhampur, Ramban, Kishtwar and Doda districts.”	OPTIMISM	0.9
The fire and rescue personnel struggled for more than three hours to douse the blaze.	SURPRISE	0.8
"All the deaths were reported from the southwestern coastlines where the cyclone hit with its maximum strength before being weakened gradually," a disaster management ministry spokesman told PTI.	SADNESS	1.0
"The cyclonic storm 'Mahasen' started crossing the coast near Patuakhali (Khapupara).	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
Irrigation department engineer Vimal Verma said that the biggest reservoir in the district, Nanak Sagar dam, with a capacity of around 60 million cubic metres has run dry even before the sowing season is over.	SURPRISE	1.0
After the explosion, 13 including 10 sleeper coaches, derailed of which five were hit by the goods train coming on the opposite track.	SURPRISE	0.4
Six fire engines and water tankers were rushed to the spot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Around three lakh people were evacuated and 879 multi-purpose cyclone and flood shelters were kept in readiness for sheltering the rescued people, the statement said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A huge rescue and relief operation is in progress, with the army, navy and several non-governmental agencies also pitching in, yet by Thursday evening it was becoming evident that the scope of the disaster was outpacing current efforts to cope with it.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On normal days we can't see this," said Hao Chen, 28, who lives in the neighbourhood of Tin Hau, on Hong Kong Island.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident took place in a shop situated on the ground floor of a guest house.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said 13 teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the Orissa Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) have been deployed at several places along with fire brigade.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The damage is said to be in crores.	SURPRISE	1.0
On September 7, seven coaches of Howrah-Jabalpur Shaktikunj Express derailed near Fafrakund railway station in Sonbhadra, 80 kilometers from Varanasi	SURPRISE	0.5
The toll is likely to rise.	SADNESS	0.4
Anticyclonic thrust situation over adjoining parts of Telangana and Central India is also adding up to the weather conditions,” she said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We do not know the cause of the gas leak at this stage.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The "India For Kerala" initiative seeks to help people who have been affected by the deluge that hit Kerala,it added.	OPTIMISM	0.5
But the Centre is pointing out certain technical difficulties to make such an announcement.	SURPRISE	0.7
It was difficult for railways to rush the rescue team to the site soon after the mishap, said ECR CPRO Amitbah Prabhakar.	ANGER	0.8
It appears that the passenger, who was sitting in the back seat, had hiked a ride few kilometres from the accident site.	SADNESS	1.0
On September 8, at least thrice the couplings of Shivanganga Express detached between Allahabad’s Jhusi station to Gyanpur and Ahimanpur stations	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lal’s eldest son Sanjay Kumar Gupta, a BSc student, said that his several letters, e-mails and tweets to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and railway minister Piyush Goyal evoked no response.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The line has been cleared and is functioning now.”	OPTIMISM	0.4
President Tsai Ing-wen described the accident as a "major tragedy" in a Tweet Sunday evening.	SADNESS	1.0
The accident happened when Hampi Express collided with a stationary goods train in Penukonda at around 3am, according to TV reports.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
PATNA: The railways has decided to transport relief materials to flood-hit Kerala free of cost.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Red Alert issued for today in 11 districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
MUMBAI: At least four persons were killed and 16 others injured when a fire broke out on the 12th storey of the Crystal Tower building at Hindmata in Parel on Wednesday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Yesterday, the maximum and minimum temperatures settled at 43 and 26.5 degrees Celsius respectively.	SURPRISE	0.5
HYDERABAD: A minor fire broke out at an under construction station of the Hyderabad Metro Rail Ltd (HMRL) project here, an official said today.	SURPRISE	1.0
They would be airlift the relief material from the air force station in Thanjavur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This operation went on till about 3.30 pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to IMD, the heat waves are caused when either the temperature is or above 45 degrees, or if mercury crosses 40 degrees but is five degrees higher than the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This includes places like Kupwara, Baramula, Bandipur, Kargil and Gandarbal districts of Jammu and Kashmir, the advisory said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The electricity connection to the building has been severed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Water supply in Manali would be restored within three days, he said.	ANGER	0.8
The Prime Minister announced Rs 2 lakh to the next of the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for the injured.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Chief security minister Wiranto told TVOne the military had started sending in cargo planes from the capital Jakarta carrying relief aid.	OPTIMISM	0.9
The maximum temperature in Delhi is already 7 degrees above normal at 37 degrees, in line with the India Meteorological Department’s forecast of a searing summer, after 2016 remained the hottest year so far.	SURPRISE	1.0
He said the driver of the train heard a loud explosion after which the train derailed.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Cijimon says that though his house is on the Perumbavoor-Aluva route, thankfully his family members were saved from the flood that killed hundreds and damaged property worth crores.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The U.S. Geological Survey put the magnitude of the second quake at a strong 7.5, after first saying it was 7.7.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It has been unrelenting since then.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 42 residents, mainly those on higher floors, were rescued while a petrol pump located a few metres from the building was shut temporarily as a preventive measure.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Scattered rains occurred at isolated places in the mid and higher hills of Himachal Pradesh.	NO-EMOTION	1.0
The arterial road witnessed normal traffic, a spokesman of the traffic control department said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
14 dead, several injured in Mumbai building fire14 dead, several injured in Mumbai building fire Prime Minister Narendra Modi expressed his "anguish" at the incident.	SADNESS	1.0
The cyclone crossed the north Andhra Pradesh-south Odisha coast near Palasa in Srikakulam district to the southwest of Gopalpur with estimated maximum sustained surface wind speed of 140-150 kmph gusting to 165 kmph between 430 hours and 0530 hours, according to a statement issued by the Home Ministry.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The power lines were repaired by 3pm on Saturday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Twenty people have died so far in flash floods in the state this season.	SADNESS	1.0
Other women were Manasi Bordoloi of Haladiati gaon in Morigaon district, Menawati Boro Nath and Renu Deka of Mangaldo in Darrang district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: A fire broke out in the basement of The Ashok Hotel at Chanakyapuri on Monday, said a senior officer from the Delhi Fire Service.	SURPRISE	1.0
“Monsoon rain in Kerala has been showing a decreasing trend from 1875 to 2017.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It allowed quarrying within 50m of residential localities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Till noon the weather became furious and it started snowing heavily.	SURPRISE	0.5
They were taken to a private hospital for treatment and their condition is stated to be stable.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
“Nine O’clock is too late, the sun is unbearable by 7 in the morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People were advised to take precaution as the cyclone could trigger massive landslides and flash floods in the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"No victims have been reported as yet," the minister said in a televised address, adding officials were monitoring the situation to assess any damage.	OPTIMISM	1.0
But given the damage to electric installations, the landing systems also need to be thoroughly checked and may require calibration before the flight operations resume at the airport.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"There has been no major damage or report of casualty received from any part of the state so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Overall, at least 64 people have died in typhoon incidents in the northern Philippines, mostly from landslides and collapsed houses, according to the national police.	SADNESS	1.0
It was difficult for railways to rush the rescue team to the site soon after the mishap, said ECR CPRO Amitbah Prabhakar.	ANGER	0.8
Authorities have directed each of these fuel bunks to keep in reserve 3,000 litres of diesel and 1,000 litres of petrol at all times for relief operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kashmir is experiencing extreme dry and cold conditions this winter, leading to health-related problems among children and elderly people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Usually such high temperature is witnessed in the month of May and in June weather becomes cool after the onset of monsoon.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The police feared if the accident took place in the night hours, there may have been casualties.	SADNESS	0.5
Rescue workers are using backhoes and shovels to search for the missing in a tangle of dirt and the rubble of homes left by multiple landslides in the town of Atsuma.	SADNESS	1.0
At least 168 people were killed and hundreds injured by the tsunami, triggered by an underwater landslide after the eruption of the Anak Krakatau volcano, and the death toll is expected to climb.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
This was followed by Poshina in Sabarkantha, which received 40mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescuers have yet to reach many affected areas leading to fears the death toll could rise again.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
SRINIGAR: A soldier is missing and another is in critical condition after an Army patrol party was hit by an avalanche in Leh's Turtuk on Friday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
The accident happened around 2am at the junction station, which lies between Rampurhat and Bolpur in Birbhum district.	SADNESS	0.3
Wayanad and Idukki have maximum taluks in zone-I.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: In a much-needed respite to rain-battered Kerala, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Saturday said the rainfall intensity in the state will reduce in the next two to three days.	OPTIMISM	0.7
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Railway Manager, Nagpur, Central Railway, Somesh Kumar, who led the operations to salvage the situation, admitted the broken wheel could have lead to derailment.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
In Delhi, the minimum temperature on Wednesday was recorded at 26.7 degrees Celsius, or average for the season.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 26 trains have been affected due to the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is the second rail accident since last Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.8
Coastal districts Visakhapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam districts of Andhra Pradesh, and Gajapati, Ganjam, Khurda, Nayagarh and Puri districts of Odisha.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, railways cancelled four passenger trains on Monday which included Saharsa-Amritsar Jansewa Express, Saharsa-Barauni Express, Patna-Saharsa Rajyarani Express and Patna-Saharsa Kosi Express.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As roads and power supply are likely to be affected due to the cyclone, Patnaik asked the departments concerned to take steps in advance to ensure quick restoration works.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The signal was still red.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Residents say quake was worst in years	SURPRISE	0.8
Another poster demanded immediate withdrawal of the joint forces from the area.	ANGER	0.6
NEW DELHI: In what is nothing short of a miracle, one of the 10 soldiers buried in the avalanche at the Sonam post in the Siachen glacier last Wednesday was found alive in the rescue operations at the 19,600-feet altitude on Monday.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Choudhury said 125 families in two districts have been shifted to relief camps and the state government has provided relief material and cash dole to families there as immediate help.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Disaster officials have not said how many people they believe are buried beneath the ruins of the Jabal Nur mosque in Lading-Lading but the village head, Budhiawan, said about 30 based on unclaimed belongings left outside the mosque.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A total of 231 people have lost their lives and 32 are missing in flood-related incidents in Kerala since August 8.	SADNESS	0.9
In Delhi, the minimum temperature on Wednesday was recorded at 26.7 degrees Celsius, or average for the season.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHOPAL/JABALPUR: Six people were injured after a passenger train they were traveling in derailed near Katni district of Madhya Pradesh on Saturday night.	SURPRISE	0.6
The State Disaster Management Authority has cautioned people to take necessary precautionary measures in view of the extreme weather.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Met office on Tuesday also issued an ‘orange colour’ alert of severe heat wave conditions in some parts of hills.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The railway has started the reconstruction work of the track to restore services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He took up the task of mobilizing 80 volunteers back in the state in less than 30 minutes using Google contacts and adding them in a WhatsApp group and putting them at the disposal of Alappuzha district collector S Suhas.	SURPRISE	0.7
We are working to sort it out as quickly as possible," the spokesperson noted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Chief fire officer at the terrace of the building during the firefighting operations	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident could have resulted in more injuries or even casualties had the train been a passenger-carrying one.	SURPRISE	0.2
Supariwala was also booked under the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Act 2006.	ANGER	1.0
The deadly monsoon rains in Kerala have claimed 216 lives since August 8 and has displaced over 7.14 lakh people from their homes.	SADNESS	0.7
Lal’s eldest son Sanjay Kumar Gupta, a BSc student, said that his several letters, e-mails and tweets to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and railway minister Piyush Goyal evoked no response.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Mild earthquake tremors were felt in parts of Delhi-NCR on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We could go down only after the fire was doused,” said a help working in the house that belongs to Abhinandan Banerjee.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The collector flagged-off a truck, which carried rice to Pattambi town in Palakkad district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Wednesday, heat wave conditions were reported from major parts of Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, west Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Vidharba, and east Rajasthan, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Uttar Pradesh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Kerala Water Authority has taken steps to supply drinking water in affected areas, Water Resources Minister Mathew T Thomas said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The ship, with 22 crew onboard, would be towed in to Kochi on Thursday.	SADNESS	0.9
“More rains are required for chana in Rajasthan region, as there has been no rain post sowing.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Banerjee, who reached the accident spot, said a patrol engine had passed through the area half an hour earlier, but the timing of the blast proved disastrous with a portion of the line being blown away.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The collector flagged-off a truck, which carried rice to Pattambi town in Palakkad district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the northern town of Baggao, the storm collapsed houses, tore off roofs and downed power lines. Some roads were cut off by landslides and many remained submerged.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The MeT has forecast light to moderate rain at isolated places in the region after two days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As petrified passengers rushed out of the train which stopped with a massive jerk, some of them also sustained injuries.	SADNESS	0.7
People went back inside buildings after the earthquake but a smaller aftershock a short time later sent them running back into the streets again.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
"I could see the train speeding towards the station.	SURPRISE	0.6
Kerala-born businessman Yusuff Ali MA, chairman and managing director of Lulu Group, has announced a Rs 5 crore donation for rain-battered Kerala, Khaleej Times reported on Sunday.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said 223 people have lost their lives since August 8.	SADNESS	1.0
A duststorm and thunderstorm, which was supposed to sooth the evening in Delhi, was also averted as the cyclonic circulation over the central Uttar Pradesh was confined to northern Madhya Pradesh and could not make it to the National Capital Region.	SADNESS	1.0
"We are doing whatever ways we can to help people from our home state," Alam said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Dr Thakor, who carries a flask of glucose and lime water with him to work, said that it is advisable to keep vehicle window glasses slightly open to keep heat from being trapped.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In a tweet, the service said "the real teeth" of the storm would be felt midnight through the afternoon today.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The UDF government even passed a resolution in the assembly rejecting the report saying that it went against public interest.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visited a hard-hit area of Sapporo, the main city in Hokkaido.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The epicentre of the tremor is located at Dhading district, 50 km west of Kathmandu, according to the National Seismological Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"I saw the light of the Uttar Banga engine grow bigger incredibly fast.	SURPRISE	0.3
"Isolated parts of Jharkhand experienced heat wave conditions in the past 24 hours.	SURPRISE	0.7
Quarrying is another major issue in both these districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
After putting out the blaze in four hours, the fire brigade, which arrived within 15 minutes of getting a call, asked the police to seal the building and not to allow any resident inside.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Experts from a Turkish engineering union issued a statement saying a drainage system was incorrectly built.	DISGUST	0.7
"The combination caused a sudden tsunami that hit the coast," Nugroho said, but added that Indonesia's geological agency was working to ascertain exactly how it happened.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The epicentre of the quake was near the Afghanistan- Tajikistan border and occurred at a depth of around 190 kilometres," an official said in Srinagar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Landslides were reported in Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Idukki districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
GANGTOK: At least 50 people, including 23 in Sikkim, have been killed in the powerful earthquake that triggered widespread landslides and road blockages making rescue work today more difficult in the worst-hit Himalayan state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Central states are expected to receive 96% rains as per our LRF.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: A special 16-member medical team of the Indian Navy will today fly to Nepal to assist the rescue operations in the earthquake-devastated Himalayan nation.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Hotels and other buildings in both locations are not allowed to exceed the height of coconut trees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is ongoing and engineers are down at the scene trying to isolate the leak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
READ ALSO: 10 Armymen feared killed in Siachen avalanche But specialised Army teams, backed by sniffer dogs, ice-cutters, drilling machines and other heavy equipment, had continued with their major search-and-rescue operation braving the harsh weather and terrain.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Preliminary investigation has revealed that the fire broke out in the meter box of 82 Shambhunath Pandit Street located opposite Gol mandir and a stone’s throw from Balwant Singh Eating House.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to him, most of the officials, including railway doctors of the rescue team, were unable to reach the accident site because of lack of direct road link.	ANGER	0.8
Hotels and other buildings in both locations are not allowed to exceed the height of coconut trees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Delhi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced Rs two lakh as ex-gratia to next of kin of those killed in the earthquake and Rs one lakh each for those seriously injured.	OPTIMISM	0.3
However, there were no reports of any casualties.	OPTIMISM	0.4
A body blow has been dealt to the scenic state, with its infrastructure, standing crops and tourism facilities severely hit.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
They have demanded an inquiry into the "non-response" of disaster management teams and the "incompetence" of hospitals in managing the aftermath of the earthquake.	SURPRISE	1.0
Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike this week promised that the heat would be given the same priority as measures to counter terrorism.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Helplines have also been set up at Tatanagar (0657) 2290324, 2290074, 2290382, at Rourkela (0661) 2511155, Chakradharpur (06587) 238072 and Jharsuguda (06445) 270977.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DEHRADUN: Severe heat wave conditions will prevail across the state in the coming days raising concerns of more incidents of forest fires, the meteorological centre said on Tuesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Water levels in several parts of Pathanamthitta, Ernakulam and Thrissur districts rose to as high as 20 feet, turning streets into deep lakes.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
In December 2004, a massive magnitude 9.1 earthquake off Sumatra in western Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 people in a dozen countries.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
But it was the last compartment -- which had a section for unreserved passengers, the luggage brake van and the guard's cabin -- that drove up the toll.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to sources, Railway Board director (traffic commercial) Shilpi Bishnoi issued a directive to each zonal railway on Tuesday to book relief materials free of cost for any station in Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Many guests, who tried to take shelter in the bathroom got trapped and lost their lives	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We will hand over the money to an acquaintance from Kerala who runs a trust in Pune,” said Ayub Shikilkar, a trustee of the Muslim Samaj Trust-run Talegaon station mosque.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Saturday, the Met department also predicted heat wave conditions in parts of Vidarbha on April 1.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While assuring the states of home ministry’s continued assistance, he urged the states to build their own capacities and gradually reduce dependence on the Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The fire broke out at 2.30am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Witnesses said rain soaked people, who earlier preferred to stay at home until the last minute, were taking refuges in cyclone shelters, as the sea turned very rough.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The fire was confined to electric wiring in electric duct from 12th floor to 16th floor in lift lobby and common corridor, in lift shafts and also to electric wiring installation and all flats of 12th floor.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mangkhut has weakened since blasting into the Philippine coast on Saturday, but was packing sustained winds of 175 kilometres per hour (110 miles per hour) as it hurtled toward China's heavily populated southern coast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund (PMNRF) accepts voluntary contributions from individuals, organisations and trusts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though the Navy and coast guard doused the fire and airlifted the mariner, Yogesh Kanji Solanki, 29, of Daman and Diu, doctors at the Medical Trust Hospital here declared him dead on arrival.	SADNESS	1.0
“The work is going on at a war footing.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cyclonic storm triggered extremely heavy rainfall in Ganjam, Gajapati and Puri districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Vattamalaikarai reservoir was constructed in Uthamapalayam in 1980 to store surplus water from Parambikulam Aliyar Project (PAP) irrigation scheme.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Jaspur in US Nagar district remained the hottest place in the state with 42 degree Celsius, a Met official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
A series of smaller shocks, including one with a magnitude of 5.4, followed the initial quake, the Meteorological Agency said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Groceries flew off the shelves of supermarkets in the provincial capital of Guangzhou as residents stocked up in anticipation of being confined at home by the typhoon, China's official Xinhua News Agency said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Among the three outsiders, two had gone to rescue people, while one couldn't find his way through the thick black smog and collapsed on the stairs.	SADNESS	1.0
State capital Jaipur was shivering as the mercury dipped to 5.7 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, the toll has since declined considerably, with 557 deaths recorded in 2016 and 220 in 2017.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Pahalgam in south Kashmir received three inches of snow and Tosamaidan six inches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lucknow: Severe heat wave conditions are very likely to prevail at a few places in Uttar Pradesh tomorrow, while thunderstorm and duststorm accompanied with gusty winds are very likely at isolated places over the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
"They'd been sharing stories they were having fun at the beach and we didn't expect this."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A total of 42 residents, mainly those on higher floors, were rescued while a petrol pump located a few metres from the building was shut temporarily as a preventive measure.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The Palu area was hit by a less powerful quake earlier on Friday, which destroyed some houses, killed one person and injured at least 10 in the fishing town of Donggala, closest to the epicentre, authorities said.	SADNESS	1.0
This is why the state did not expect rain of this magnitude,” Pulak Guhathakurta said of IMD.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to sources, three youth from Sinyur panchayat of Holi were stranded in the snow in the higher reaches of the area.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
They will fly to Kochi to do the ILS calibration.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to hover at 44 and 26 degrees Celsius respectively," it said.	SURPRISE	1.0
In view of these apprehensions, CIAL decided to extend the date of resuming operations by three more days.	SURPRISE	0.3
Another said an elderly relative Mary Varghese was badly in need of an oxygen cylinder and her condition was worsening.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The intensity of rain will reduce from Tuesday," said HR Biswas, director of IMD's regional centre in Bhubaneswar.	OPTIMISM	0.7
On Monday, the city of Kumagaya in Saitama outside Tokyo set a new national heat record, with temperatures hitting 41.1 Celsius (106 degrees Fahrenheit).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Up to 85 million people -- about one quarter of the US population were in the path of the storm that has iced up much of the East Coast and the Mid-Atlantic.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
There was no trace of a ride being booked prior to the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The lush countryside of northern Lombok is pockmarked with collapsed homes and shops and damaged mosques.	SADNESS	1.0
#WestBengal https://t.co/nLgykP2jTv— ANI (@ANI) 1537054380000 Bagri market is one of the biggest retail and wholesale markets of Kolkata.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Health Minister Ahmet Demircan said 318 were injured, with 124 of them still hospitalized.	SADNESS	1.0
Most of the deaths were in the first car, which flipped over, a government spokesman said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The rest 23 teams are being sent gradually.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All out efforts are being made to run the suburban services in time to improve commuters’ satisfaction," the statement said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHOPAL/JABALPUR: Six people were injured after a passenger train they were traveling in derailed near Katni district of Madhya Pradesh on Saturday night.	SURPRISE	0.6
I have instructed the L&amp;T to further improve the safety measures to prevent such incidents in future," Reddy said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Trains from the state capital have been suspended and Kochi Metro operations drastically cut.	SURPRISE	0.4
"Some of the critically injured people have been brought to Kolkata for surgical treatment," he said, adding that 30 of the bodies have been sent to various hospitals for post-mortem.	SADNESS	0.8
Nagpur: The 46 passengers in AC II-tier (A2) coach of 15015 Gorakhpur-Yeshvantpur Express had a miraculous escape when a wheel of the bogey broke into pieces while the train was running at over 100 kmph between Sonkhamb and Kohli stations, around 30 minutes away from Nagpur, on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Ten fire engines, four water tankers, officials of the Mumbai Police and electrical mechanics were at the spot, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The engine of Patna- Kota express train derailed after it hit a fallen tree in Dariyabad town here on Saturday night.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Met office has forecast clear skies for tomorrow, along with the possibility of heat wave conditions, in a few places for tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Kerala, I took stock of the situation arising in the wake of the devastating floods across the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
East Midnapore DM Anil Verma who, along with SP Anuj Sharma, was camping at Digha to supervise the rescue operation, said in the evening six trawlers and four mechanised boats from the district were still missing with 51 fishermen.	SADNESS	1.0
Friday's average maximum temperature is likely to hover around 44 to 45 degrees, while Palam is expected to be hotter.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Amritsar-Saharsa Garib Rath was short terminated at Begusarai on Monday and it would originate from there for Amritsar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Spokesperson of South Point School, Krishna Damani too said that a decision will be taken tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Besides these aircraft, 8 Medium Lift Helicopters, including Mi-17 V5 and Mi-17, were used during the operation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Maoists made their presence felt at a time when President Ramnath Kovind was on a two-day visit to Bastar.	ANGER	0.6
There is also no ban on foreign contributions to FCRA-registered NGOs, which are working among the flood victims in Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Visibility will be relatively better during haze than when fog is formed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Live updates: Death toll since Aug 8 reaches 164	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The temperature will be soar further in central and interior areas of the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Some of them had to be cancelled while others were diverted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake was felt in surrounding regions, including the states of Nueva Esparta, Monagas, Bolivar, Delta Amacuro, Aragua and Carabobo, and the capital Caracas, Interior Minister Nestor Reverol said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The goods train was moving towards the IOC depot in Navalur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of the 1,089 water supply schemes affected due to the floods, more than 800 have started functioning, he said, adding efforts were on to make others also functional.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The injured were taken to the hospital, they added.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
It broke ou… https://t.co/7JtJt5mWN3— ANI (@ANI) 1534156489000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Twenty-one people were injured in the fire.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The train, which carries fertilizer from Saharnpur to Bijnor, was scheduled to return to Saharanpur at 2:30 pm on Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities are investigating the cause of the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A Central medical team comprising orthopedics, surgeons, anesthesiologist and other technicians has also been deputed to Manipur to assist with the treatment of injured people.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A government official said private donations from abroad to Kerala flood victims have no restrictions if they follow certain rules and routes, even though India as a policy does not accept any donation from foreign governments for disaster victims.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 70km long only surface link connecting Karnah with Kupwara usually remains closed for at least three months during winters due to heavy snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Met office has forecast clear skies for tomorrow, along with the possibility of heat wave conditions, in a few places for tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake set off a series of massive tsunami that devastated a wide swath of the Pacific coastline and killed nearly 20,000 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
I am safe.Thank	OPTIMISM	1.0
of the passengers, Vikas Singh, pulled the chain.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is not the first time the train has derailed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident occurred when the victims were trying to cross the railway track on Bhabhua road station after alighting from Varanasi-Ranchi Intercity Express.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The rebels left leaflets saying they were observing Martyr's week from July 28 to August 3 in memory of their comrades who were killed in encounters with security forces.	ANGER	0.7
"On Thursday, easterly winds may cause mild dust storm or thundery development but that will not have any effect on the maximum temperatures," Mahesh Palawat, director of private weather forecasting agency Skymet, told IANS.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The builder, Abdul Razak Ismail Supariwala, was arrested by the Bhoiwada police, hours after the fire broke out at the 12th floor of the posh Crystal Tower building.	DISGUST	0.8
However, it allowed extension of village settlements to accommodate increase in population.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
More than 80,000 people are presently lodged in relief camps and damage to crops and properties across the state is estimated to be over Rs 8,000 crore.	SADNESS	0.6
There is no light in several areas and we are being called to send food.	SADNESS	0.9
The fire erupted on the 12th floor of 17-storeyed Crystal Tower building located in Parel.	SURPRISE	1.0
Coast guard personnel recovered the bodies of nine children from Teknaf shore today, raising the death toll from the boat capsize to 31, the Daily Star reported.	SADNESS	1.0
The Kerala government helped them to board a flight from Trivandrum on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.5
AMARAVATI: Extreme heat wave conditions have been forecast in many parts of Andhra Pradesh with temperatures expected to touch a maximum of 46 degrees Celsius in the next 24 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Preparations were in high gear on China's southern coast, including in Yangjiang, which is not often hit by major typhoons and where the city's 2.4 million people were bracing for a direct hit.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The two leaders agreed that the details of India's relief assistance will be worked out through diplomatic and official channels.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Five soldiers were trapped under the snow," an army official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
However, chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan termed these charges baseless.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia sits on the seismically active Pacific Ring of Fire and is regularly hit by earthquakes.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Most places recorded 7 to 8 degree C dip in the mercury.	SURPRISE	0.6
On August 27, Couplings between the two coaches of Mumbai-Ratnagiri express train got damaged near Manik railways station in Chitrakoot district	DISGUST	0.4
Hundreds of tourists and workers were still struggling to get off three outlying resort islands where power was cut off and hotels and hostels were damaged.	SADNESS	1.0
The maximum brunt was borne by Gajapati district, with uprooted trees hampering movement of vehicles.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
One soldier is still missing and efforts are being made to locate him, they said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Company’s search and rescue team was rushed to the spot from other side of the tunnel.	OPTIMISM	0.9
Kerala is not expected to receive heavy rainfall from August 20, Mritunjay Mohapatra, IMD Additional Director General said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Wayanad alone, more than 20,000 people are in relief camps.	SADNESS	0.5
The Tomari Nuclear Power Station suffered a power outage but was cooling its fuel rods safely with emergency power, said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.	SURPRISE	1.0
The quake, which struck at 3:08 a.m. (1808 GMT Wednesday) posed no tsunami risk, the Japan Meteorological Agency said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Even President Obama’s motorcade had to slip-slide its way from the Andrews Air Force base to the White House after he returned from a trip to Detroit.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
CHENNAI: A team of school students and teachers collected flood relief material from residents and donors through 15 camps held at various places in Ernavur and Ennore area and handed it over to Tiruvallur district collectorate to send them to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.8
RANCHI: For the second time this winter mercury dipped to one degree celsius in Kanke area of the state capital on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
In all 68 fishing boats have reached, out of which 66 are from Kerala and 2 from Tamil Nadu with total 952 fisherma…	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"If we didn't, all of us would be dead," Abedes said.	SADNESS	1.0
The heat wave will return from Friday onwards and will continue till at least Monday, affecting Delhi along with north, central and east India, Met scientists told IANS.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Train operations have been affected due to the incident.	SURPRISE	1.0
Its driver was killed on the spot,” said Soumitra Majumdar, chief passenger transportation manager, South Eastern Railway.	SADNESS	0.6
In the wake of heatwave alert Odisha government has extended summer holidays by three more days and schools will reopen on June 21 instead of June 18.	SURPRISE	0.5
Most offices in state capital - private and government departments dealing with non-essential services - were closed besides educational institutions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Typhoon Haiyan left more than 7,300 people dead or missing, flattened villages, swept ships inland and displaced more than 5 million in the central Philippines in 2013.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The quake was the latest in a string of natural disasters to batter the island nation.	SADNESS	1.0
Heavy snowfall on Razdan Top and Gurez valley disrupted traffic movement on the Mughal Road and the Bandipora-Gurez road, while inclement weather also suspended chopper services in Katra.	SADNESS	0.8
Kansai Airport, an important hub for companies exporting semiconductors in western Japan, remained closed due to a powerful typhoon earlier this week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Talking to TOI, agricultural scientist Anil Hafeez said, “The rising temperatures will be detrimental to the cultivation of paddy and other summer crops.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He added that maximum temperatures are likely to hover around 40 to 42 degrees over the next four to five days in and around the national capital.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We are doing whatever ways we can to help people from our home state," Alam said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Modi offered condolences on the loss of lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia, the Prime Minister's Office said in a statement.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In her letter to chief minister Yogi Adityanath, Lal’s wife Kiran Devi wrote: “My husband sacrificed his life to save a large number of passengers.	SADNESS	0.4
The track is very old and week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The nearby Leh town was the second coldest with the temperature settling at -10.5C.	SURPRISE	1.0
The disaster added to a string of deadly blazes that have plagued China despite official efforts to improve public safety over the past two decades.	SURPRISE	1.0
"Keeping in view the intensity and magnitude of the floods and landslides in Kerala, this is a calamity of a severe nature for all practical purposes," a home ministry official said in New Delhi.	SADNESS	0.8
The government said it would supply funds to ensure all schools are equipped with air conditioners by next summer.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Malayalis abroad said that though many of them or their family members are not directly affected, they understand the pain of people who have been affected and are in no mood to celebrate Onam.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
"There are several locations that we previously thought were not affected," said Yusuf Latif, spokesman for the national search and rescue agency.	SURPRISE	1.0
JAKARTA - At least 30 people were killed when a major earthquake and tsunami hit the city of Palu on Indonesia's Sulawesi island on Friday, a hospital official told Metro TV in a report broadcast on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
JAMMU: The strategic Jammu-Srinagar national highway was closed on Tuesday due to multiple landslides triggered by heavy rains in Ramban and Udhampur districts, a traffic official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
"Isolated parts of Jharkhand experienced heat wave conditions in the past 24 hours.	SURPRISE	0.7
Two of them have been rescued, while efforts are on to save the other three, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Services on the Kochi Metro are, however, unaffected.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Governor P Sathasivam, chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan and Union minister K J Alphons accompanied the PM during the aerial survey.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
JAKARTA - At least 30 people were killed when a major earthquake and tsunami hit the city of Palu on Indonesia's Sulawesi island on Friday, a hospital official told Metro TV in a report broadcast on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The city recorded a high of 39.6 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The two Swedish tourists — Daniel and Benjeman — were skiing near the Apharwat peak close to the second phase of the Gandola cable car project when an avalanche struck, trapping them in the snow,” general manager of the Gandola cable car corporation, Riyaz Ahmad Wani, said.	SADNESS	1.0
the morning, the relaxed atmosphere in the AC II-tier coach, with most passengers either in slumber or just waking up, was shattered by a deafening sound.	DISGUST	0.3
M Rajeevan, Secretary, Ministry of Earth Sciences, said there was a low pressure area in the Bay of Bengal, but it would not have any effect on Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Passengers, for whom the noise sounded like an explosion, started running helter skelter.One	ANGER	0.3
The next respite is only likely towards the end of May or first week of June, weather analysts said.	SADNESS	1.0
The tourists were heading towards Kongodori hills in Gulmarg.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"There is no evacuation yet in the disaster area," Kodongan added.	SURPRISE	0.8
Kerala flood victims can share location with Google Maps plus codesEven when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
In Ambala, it was 5.9 degrees and 6 degrees in Karnal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Union home minister Rajnath Singh has called it the worst floods in Kerala since 1924 and the state CM, Pinarayi Vijayan, has asked Centre for a relief package of Rs 8,316 crore.	SURPRISE	0.8
Five of its six cars derailed.	SURPRISE	0.4
VADODARA: The toy train, the Sayaji Express, at Kamatibaug derailed on Tuesday evening.	SURPRISE	0.5
Video aired by Kompas TV showed patients being evacuated from a hospital in Bali's Tabanan district.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Rescue operations are underway to take out the trapped passengers.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
Sources told TOI that four bogies of the train derailed near the Hubballi Station Yard at 11am.	SURPRISE	0.3
In another blaze, a fire erupted at Juhu Tara Road in a residential apartment.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In her letter to chief minister Yogi Adityanath, Lal’s wife Kiran Devi wrote: “My husband sacrificed his life to save a large number of passengers.	SADNESS	0.4
The CPRO said ECR GM Madhuresh Kumar, along with senior officials of the ECR headquarters, rushed to the site by a special train soon after receiving the information about the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The railways administration said there had been 366 people on board the service en route to the southern city of Taitung.	SURPRISE	1.0
With the temperature touching 42oC on Wednesday, three degrees above normal, farmers in Terai region have raised concern about its detrimental effect on the sowing of kharif crops.	SURPRISE	1.0
On Monday, an MBA student from Saranathan College of Engineering A K Shruthi, along with her father Krishnakumar, met Trichy district collector K Rajamani and handed over Rs 80,074 as donation for people in Kerala.	JOY	0.5
The floods in Kerala are estimated to have damaged crops and properties worth over Rs 8,000 crore even as a fresh red alert was sounded in 13 of the 14 districts in the state.	SURPRISE	0.7
Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik had on Saturday announced a 15-day monetary relief package for people affected by Cyclone Titli and the subsequent flood.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The province has recalled more than 36,000 fishing boats to port, while train services between the cities of Zhanjiang and Maoming have been suspended and all ferry services between Guangdong and Hainan have been put on hold.	SURPRISE	1.0
He also directed the district administration to cooperate with the people in the flood-hit areas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We have about 10,000 Malayalis in Auckland alone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A group of 14 tourists were rescued by the army from north Sikkim last night, Narasimhan said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
It took just 24 minutes after the landslide for waves to hit land, and there was no early warning for those living on the coast.	SURPRISE	1.0
On Sunday morning, Vellakoil fire and rescue service team received information about the fire accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Punjab, Patiala had a hot day at 43.4 degrees celsius, up four notches against the normal limits.	SURPRISE	1.0
RPF head constable Pramod Daine then came across the broken wheel, and alerted the loco-pilot and guard.	SURPRISE	0.4
Kerala flood victims can share location with Google Maps plus codesEven when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.5
Two passengers, Mohd Akram of Moradabad and Mahaveer Singh of Rampur fell and were injured when they jumped out.	SADNESS	0.5
This disaster took place because of foreseeable and preventable reasons,'' the statement said.	SURPRISE	0.4
Amita Singh, chairperson, Special Centre for Disaster Research and Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) professor, also said the flood was not caused merely due to excess rain.	SURPRISE	0.7
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) weather data revealed that as many as 14 Met stations in the state — out of 29 — witnessed the day temperature either touching 40°C or crossing that mark on Friday.	SURPRISE	1.0
This team has been provided necessary equipment and vehicles to even reach the remote corners of the district under the directions of the local administration, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Seismologists have said another such quake could strike the city at any time.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Meteorological (MeT) department has forecast light to moderate rain in some parts of northern India.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The MeT has forecast light to moderate rain at isolated places in the region after two days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The Jammu-Srinagar highway that links the rest of India with Kashmir was closed for vehicular traffic as a precautionary measure, following heavy snowfall at both sides of the Jawahar Tunnel, Banihal, Patnitop and Ramban, and landslides triggered at Pathiyal on Tuesday morning,” said Ramban SSP Mohan Lal.	SURPRISE	0.9
Except for 2013, 2014 and 2018, all years in last decade have shown negative rainfall departures.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A spokesman for NCR said rescue operations have been concluded and all injured were sent to hospitals nearby.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
The CPRO said the ECR officials have decided to contribute to the PM’s relief fund for the Kerala flood victims.	OPTIMISM	0.6
ASDMA is in constant touch with Kerala counterpart to help people of Assam stranded in the flood-hit state," Prasad said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said yesterday that there were no obstacles to receive foreign aid as per the National Disaster Management (NDM) Policy 2016 announced by the Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Heatwave conditions (are) likely to occur over West Madhya Pradesh during next 48 hours,” said a department forecast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The identity of the second victim is yet to be confirmed," said investigating officer ASI Manoj of Sadar police station, adding the car was hit from behind on the fuel tank and caught fire, and that no arrest has been made so far.	SURPRISE	1.0
The maximum damage inflicted by monsoon in the past ten days were in Wayanad and Idukki.	SADNESS	0.7
This will save farmers cost of one irrigation,” said Gyanendra Pratap Singh, director at the Directorate of Wheat Research at Karnal, Haryana, A dip in the temperature owing to rains would aid the growth of the wheat crop which is in the tillering stage and even the late sown varieties were in the seedling stage, said Singh.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Over 600 students, who were stranded in a building at the campus of Sree Sankaracharya University at Kalady near Kochi, since the past two days, were rescued today,they said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The train was taken to Sonkhamb at 12.43pm,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The maximum temperature will likely stay between 44°C and 45°C at most places.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The government and casinos are taking extra precautions after Macau was battered by Typhoon Hato last year, which left 12 dead.	SADNESS	1.0
Due to tremendous heat, all occupants on upper floor got trapped.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Two children, Akansha, eight, and her elder brother, Sartan, 10, were found dead in the building," said the officer.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
While Gopalpur in Odisha reported surface winds at 126 kmph, Kalingapatanam in Andhra Pradesh recorded wind speed of 56 kmph.	SURPRISE	0.8
The statement said, telecom services are fully operational and a senior official from BSNL has reached Imphal to take stock of partial damage to the state-run operator's building and to advise on steps that need to be taken to ensure safety and continuity of the telecom services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Karnal and Ambala, too, reeled under intense heat wave conditions recording respective maximum temperatures of 42.2 degrees celsius and 42.5 degrees celsius, both four notches above the normal limits.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
GURUGRAM: A 28-year-old driver and his passenger were burnt alive inside a CNG retro-fitted Maruti Swift cab which burst into flames after a speeding truck rammed it from behind at Rajiv Chowk, on the Delhi-Gurugram expressway, at around 3am on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Gas company Cadent said that while it has repaired the leak, it is now doing essential safety checks on the surrounding buildings.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We hope that in the next 24 hours, the route will be opened for traffic."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: The numbers say it all.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We grew up with floods in Assam, but the scale we experienced in Kerala is several times more devastating and scary.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The state government has already evacuated over 3 lakh people living in low lying areas and kuchha houses ahead of the landfall in five coastal districts.	OPTIMISM	0.9
Anak Krakatau is the island that emerged from the area once occupied by Krakatau, which was destroyed in 1883.	SURPRISE	1.0
Exposure for small durations may not harmful but over-exposure is an invitation to heatstroke, officials warned.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
In December 2004, a massive magnitude 9.1 earthquake off Sumatra triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 people in a dozen countries.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Amritsar train accident: PM Modi expresses grief, Piyush Goyal cuts short tripPrime Minister Narendra Modi expressed shock over the train mishap in Amritsar during the Dussehra celebrations while railway minister Piyush Goyal cancelled all his engagements in the United States and decided to return immediately.	NO-EMOTION	1.0
* The CM had on Friday announced that the government will give Rs 5 lakh to kin of each deceased and free treatment to the injured in all the government and private hospitals.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said many private hospitals in Ernakulam district are running out of oxygen, forcing the authorities to shift patients to nearbyfacilities.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
“From August 1 to August 20, Idukki station received around 70mm to 110mm of heavy rain in five days, close to 120mm to 200mm of very heavy rain for three days and extremely heavy rain (over 200mm) on two days,” Guhathakurta said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Maharashtra tops fire casualties	SURPRISE	1.0
Its epicentre was two km north of Kokrajhar town in Assam and at a depth of 10 km, it said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The spokesman added that the Army commander had conveyed his condolences to the bereaved family.	SADNESS	0.9
"She was perhaps trying to go to the terrace, but the door was locked.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"No casualty has been reported.	JOY	0.8
I have stopped procurement as green vegetables are being damaged in the heat,” said Kartika Swain, a vendor in Unit-I haat.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Besides, location-specific index forecasts were introduced in 2016 to communicate the likely severity of heatwave occurrences.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There was no tsunami threat to the US state of Hawaii, it said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The tremor was felt in six northern districts of West Bengal as well as the metropolis and its surrounding districts, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
However, the damage in Ganjam district is lesser than what was anticipated, said Padhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KP Hussain, chairman of Fathima Healthcare Group, has donated Rs 5 crore.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The record-breaking weather has revived concerns about the Tokyo 2020 Olympics, which will be held in two years time in July and August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
My thoughts are with the bereaved families in this hour of grief.	SADNESS	1.0
The typhoon hit at the start of the rice and corn harvesting season in Cagayan, a major agricultural producer, prompting farmers to scramble to save what they could of their crops, Cagayan Gov. Manuel Mamba said.	SADNESS	1.0
Some of them are still trapped," Nehra said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The valley received more snowfall coupled with heavy rain on Tuesday, forcing shut the Srinagar-Jammu highway for the second consecutive day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The goods train was carrying fertilizer from Saharanpur. side and returned around2:30pm.” said Kumar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sounding haggard, Abe said saving lives was his government's top priority.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The Army, Navy, and NDRF teams continued their rescue efforts.	OPTIMISM	0.6
"We hope the airport can be reopened soon for flights carrying disaster relief and aid," said Yohannes Sirait of AirNav, the air traffic management agency.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kerala flood victims can share location with Google Maps plus codesEven when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.5
“The tourism and meteorological departments could have been more responsible by giving early alerts to the travellers,” said AB Bhat, a tourist from Madhya Pradesh whose relatives are stuck at Havelock.	SURPRISE	1.0
There are still high readings of natural gas in the area.	SURPRISE	1.0
Heavy monsoon rain triggered flood in Lunglei and Aizawl district of Mizoram.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Breaking and bad:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Except for 2013, 2014 and 2018, all years in last decade have shown negative rainfall departures.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Operator Hokkaido Electric Power Co reported no radiation irregularities at the plant, which has been shut since shortly after a massive 2011 earthquake, Suga told a news conference.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“It is important to understand that we need to preserve the buffer zones around the forests in Western Ghats or the region will fall like a pack of cards.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Idukki districts topped the zone-I list and yet maximum illegal buildings came up here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
What we need now is to evaluate the total loss and get an equivalent assistance from the Centre.	SADNESS	0.2
Lalkuan express was on its way to Gorakhpur from Howrah when the incident occurred.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“With Anak Krakatau’s small body volume at present, it will be unlikely for us to see a big landslide that can trigger a tsunami,” he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The tsunami also damaged the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, leading to a series of explosions and meltdowns in the world's worst nuclear disaster for 25 years.	SURPRISE	1.0
The advisory, issued by the Chandigarh-based Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment that comes under the ministry of defence, will remain effective for 24 hours beginning 5pm Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We welcomed the move.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia, a vast Southeast Asian archipelago, is one of the most disaster-hit nations on Earth due to its position straddling the so-called Pacific Ring of Fire, where tectonic plates collide.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
PUNE: In just the first 20 days of August, Kerala has received the highest rainfall for the entire month in 87 years, India Meteorological Department data reveals.	SADNESS	0.6
However, people in worst-hit places like Pathanamthitta and Chengannur said that hundreds were yet to be evacuated.	SADNESS	0.6
Aviation regulator DGCA is, meanwhile, monitoring airfares for flights connecting flood-hit Kerala as this is a unique situation of 'humanitarian crisis', Civil Aviation Minister Suresh Prabhu said in the national capital.	OPTIMISM	0.6
In the northern town of Tanjung, rescue workers in orange uniforms spent a second day trying to recover a body from the rubble of a destroyed home as a foul stench rose above it.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Environmentalists said instead of making more stringent regulations to mitigate the impact of climate change, irregular rainfall and cloud bursts, the state relaxed quarrying rules.	SURPRISE	0.3
According to the US Geological Survey, which monitors earthquake activity around the world, the quake was the largest to strike Venezuela since 1900, with a magnitude of 7.3 on the Richter scale, but it hit at a depth of more than 123 km below the ground, appearing to have caused limited damage.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In many places, the local people were in the forefront of the evacuation along with defence and NDRF personnel.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Mustard requires 2-3 spells of rain and the current spell will be beneficial," said B.V.Mehta, director, Solvent Extractors Association.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
What caused the deluge are weather conditions that developed far away from the state - on India's east coast.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities have warned of further high waves and advised residents to stay away from the shoreline.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The fire broke out at the Beilong Hot Spring Hotel in Harbin's Sun Island resort area, according to an employee of the city emergency office who would give only his surname, Wang.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: The builder of a residential high-rise in Mumbai's Dadar area, where at least four people were killed in a fire on Wednesday, was remanded to police custody till August 27 by a local court on Thursday.	SURPRISE	1.0
AK Srivastava, the head of the climate monitoring and analysis group at IMD, Pune, told TOI that an anticyclone over Gujarat, Rajasthan and adjoining Maharashtra is keeping temperatures high in the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said that he doesn’t know how many people who have donated are Malayalis.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Currently, we are at $ 1,51,000 (approximately Rs 1 crore) and it will cross $ 2,00,000,” said Ashley Elenjickal, vice-president, Care and Share, a nonprofit international charitable organization based in USA that primarily targets charitable projects in Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It also allowed road and public infra expansion with MoEF nod.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Union government has so far rendered all the possible help to the state.	OPTIMISM	0.6
He was comparing annual rain fall with that of a seasonal one’’, the CM told reporters here on Wednesday evening.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Owners of houses which are fully damaged will be paid Rs 95,100 each while owners of partially damaged houses will be given Rs 12,700 as a grant for renovation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In the desert state, Pilani recorded a minimum of 1.3 degree Celsius followed by Churu at 1.5 degrees.	SURPRISE	1.0
The accident happened when Hampi Express collided with a stationary goods train in Penukonda at around 3am, according to TV reports.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
The Army had earlier virtually given up hope of rescuing alive any of the 10 soldiers whose post in the Northern Siachen Glacier was buried deep under tonnes of crystalised snow when the ice-wall, measuring almost a km wide and 800-m-tall, had collapsed on the post and the adjoining helipad early on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The weather is likely to remain dry in Uttar Pradesh, with Kanpur registering as the hottest place in the state at 44.8 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sealdah-Saharsa passenger would originate from Mansi while Amritsar-Saharsa Jansewa was terminated at Barauni.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to IMD, the heat waves are caused when either the temperature is or above 45 degrees, or if mercury crosses 40 degrees but is five degrees higher than the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The train was heading to Istanbul from Edirne, on the border with Greece, with 362 passengers and six crew members on board.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.4
Two fire engines, 20 fire rescue units and 20 firefighters were sent to the scene.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Within seconds of the warning, there was a huge bang as the Uttar Banga Express loco slammed into the rear of Vananchal Express.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
On August 23, Delhi-bound Kaifiyat Express derailed injuring 50 passengers after its engine rammed into a truck lying close to the track between Pata and Achalda stations	SADNESS	0.5
The overnight rains and squally wind continued till today morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
When we reached, the fire had spread across several acres of the reservoir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the national capital, hot and humid conditions continued to prevail with the mercury settling at 41.7 degrees Celsius, even as the weatherman forecast dusty winds towards the night.	SURPRISE	1.0
The landslide also occurred in Chitrakonda area but no one is injured, Sethi said.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Apple has matched benefit of 200%.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
School sources said the classes for both the shifts used to be held between 6.30 am to 10.30 am before it becomes very hot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Warm easterly winds are currently prevailing over southern Maharashtra, while the anticyclone has resulted in clear skies, which is causing the day temperature to shoot up.	SURPRISE	0.3
Delhiites woke up to another chilly morning with the minimum temperature settling two notches below the season's average at 6.3 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The meteorological department has forecast heavy, incessant rains till Saturday and the situation was worsening in several places, including Kochi where the backwaters are threatening to overflow their banks.	SADNESS	0.7
All contributions towards this fund are exempt from income tax under section 80(G).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Monsoon rain in Kerala has been showing a decreasing trend from 1875 to 2017.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to railway officials, over a dozen trains were affected by the accident.	SADNESS	0.5
Because of 100% humidity in the atmosphere accompanied by cold breeze coming from west, the prevailing 'galan' made denizens shiver all day through.	SADNESS	1.0
"My thoughts are with all the victims and their families," she added.	SADNESS	1.0
Bhubaneswar and Baripada recorded highest 42.2 degree Celsius in the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Experts warned that more deadly waves could slam the devastated region after Saturday night's disaster, as questions swirled over why the killer wave caught a disaster-prone country's monitors completely off guard.	SURPRISE	1.0
All of us rushed to the terrace to avoid being trapped in the smoke.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lal, who was driving an oil tanker, was killed when Rajyarani express rammed into his vehicle at Gausganj railway crossing on the fateful day.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
AHMEDABAD: If weatherman is right, Amdavadis — who are have suffered heat wave conditions — are going to get some relief.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cause of the fire has not been ascertained yet.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Most offices in state capital - private and government departments dealing with non-essential services - were closed besides educational institutions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hundreds of flights were canceled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People were forced to evacuate buildings in the capital.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"In over three decades, this is the first severe cyclonic storm to have travelled more than 2,000 kilometres - forming over the Bay of Bengal, emerging into the Arabian Sea and travelling up to the Gujarat coast," Regional Meteorological Centre director S Balachandran told PTI.	SURPRISE	1.0
The typhoon struck at the start of the rice and corn harvesting season in the Philippines' northern breadbasket, prompting farmers to scramble to save what they could of their crops, Cagayan Gov. Manuel Mamba said.	SADNESS	1.0
Defence minister Nirmala Sitharaman thanked Fadnavis for the assistance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As a murderous monsoon savaged Kerala claiming 106 lives on a single day on Friday, the state plunged deeper into misery today with hospitals facing shortage of oxygen and fuel stations running dry, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
It is believed that stones kept on the track led to the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They are also charged IPC sections 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others).	ANGER	1.0
The audit watchdog pointed out that the Odisha State Disaster Management Authority could not properly implement two key projects - National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project and Odisha Dsiaster Recovery Project.	SURPRISE	1.0
Meanwhile, the Odisha government has geared up its machinery to tackle the situation.	OPTIMISM	0.1
Apple has matched benefit of 200%.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The National Crisis Management Committee met in Delhi and took stock of the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The government said it would supply funds to ensure all schools are equipped with air conditioners by next summer.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire and rescue personnel struggled for more than three hours to douse the blaze.	SURPRISE	0.8
Ben van der Pluijm, an earthquake geologist and a professor in the University of Michigan, said the tsunami may have been caused by a "partial collapse" of Anak Krakatau.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
ANCHORAGE, Alaska: A 6.6 magnitude earthquake rocked buildings on Friday morning in Anchorage and caused lamp posts and trees to sway, prompting people to run out of offices and seek shelter under office desks.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Rescuers were using heavy duty cutting equipment on Tuesday to prize apart the tangled mound of debris.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All but four of the victims are from the community of 4,600 people.	SURPRISE	0.9
Core heatwave zone in the country includes Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Telangana.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, six children, who are living in temporary night shelter camps set up in the premise of a factory, fell ill due to cold at Parasoli village in Shamli district on Sunday.	SADNESS	1.0
It is the largest expatriate community in the country.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It has decided to send 35 more NDRF teams comprising nearly 1,000 personnel.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Luis Belo Costa of Portugal's National Protection Agency says Sunday those injuries were not life-threatening.	OPTIMISM	0.2
To assess the safety of partially damaged public buildings and advise the state government on issues related to repair and retrofitting of these structres, the National Disaster Management Authority is deploying a team of experts.	OPTIMISM	0.4
the passengers, including a travelling railway employee, asked them to check once under the train.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We have kept calibration unit, aircraft and crew ready.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
General Manager, NCR, M C Chauhan and the Divisional Regional Manager have rushed to the spot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No one was injured, however, the residents lost most of their valuables as the fire engulfed all their belongings.	SADNESS	1.0
In mainland India, Tamil Nadu and Andhra were worst affected.	SADNESS	0.7
According to the US Geological Survey, which monitors earthquake activity around the world, the quake was the largest to strike Venezuela since 1900, with a magnitude of 7.3 on the Richter scale, but it hit at a depth of more than 123 km below the ground, appearing to have caused limited damage.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Most of Kerala is now flooded, with the situation worsening in several places, including Kochi, where backwaters threaten to breach their banks.	SURPRISE	0.5
"The fire was confined to the electric wiring and office furniture of a medical store situated on the building's second floor," the official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Like its better known neighbor Bali, Lombok is home to beaches and mountains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Military and volunteer teams used drones to assess the extent of the damage along the coast.	SURPRISE	0.9
Several telecom operators who have their towers installed on the top of the building arranged for generators to keep the service alive.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In December 2004, a massive magnitude 9.1 earthquake off Sumatra in western Indonesia triggered a tsunami that killed 230,000 people in a dozen countries.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
After a resident raised alarm of the fire other residents ran out of their houses and took asylum at a safe place.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The report said that since zone-I is core forest area, which lies close to Western Ghats, there is a ban on land use for non-forest purpose or agricultural activity.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOLKATA: West Bengal school education department has decided to extend the summer holidays in all government, government aided and government sponsored schools up to June 30.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fishermen out at sea along north Andhra Pradesh and West Bengal have been advised to return to coast," the official added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The group also announced that it had mobilised a disaster support team of over 300 volunteers.	OPTIMISM	0.5
After a 7.9 earthquake hit Nepal on April 25, India rushed with food and rescue to help the calamity-struck country by launching 'Operation Maitri' which saw Indian armed forces rescuing thousands in the Himalayan country.	OPTIMISM	1.0
A 'medium danger' avalanche warning was issued for the higher areas of Jammu and Kashmir on Friday morning and people were advised to not venture into these areas.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
"It is unlikely to advance into the state in the next six due to prevalence of weak monsoon pattern over the area," a weatherman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, according to weather officials, Bhiloda in Aravalli district received a maximum of 94 mm rainfall in the last 12 hours ending at 8 pm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The coaches were rerailed by 9:35 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several trains were delayed by at least two hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The coaches were rerailed by 9:35 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two people were rescued in injured condition after the cab came under the avalanche near Khooni Nallah on Kupwara-Tangdhar road this afternoon, an official spokesman said.	OPTIMISM	0.8
MUZAFFARNAGAR: Two persons, including a woman, died due to cold even as six children living in night shelter camps fell ill in Shamli district, officials sources said.	SADNESS	1.0
At a news conference, PLN said 29 employees and relatives had died and 13 were missing.	SADNESS	1.0
About 30 stranded people were rescued with the help of special appliances and staircases built by firemen donning BA sets.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Heavy snowfall blocked Tangdhar-Nasta Chhun road in Kupwara district of north Kashmir, leaving over 70 passengers stranded on the route.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
NEW DELHI : The northern and central India may not see any respite from soaring mercury this week as the Met department on Wednesday expected the heat wave to continue till May 27.	SADNESS	1.0
Incessant rains since August 8 have so far killed 97 people, with more than 1.67 lakh being shifted to 1,165 relief camps across the state.	SADNESS	0.7
It was brought back to Dantewada around 11.30pm and repair of the tracks began early Thursday.	OPTIMISM	0.7
In Pithoragarh district, a private car slipped on the snow and went down a deep gorge, leaving two people dead and three seriously injured.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
If this continues, we will face huge losses as water is scarce and electricity supply is also erratic.”	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
It is likely to hit the eastern coast by October 12 midnight.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Japan's Trade and Industry Minister Hiroshige Seko said the ministry instructed Hokkaido Electric Power to restart the coal-fired Tomato-Atsuma power plant within a few hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In her first remarks, Banerjee screamed "sabotage" but later in the day, Union home ministry officials practically ruled that out, saying initial reports had no such indication.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pathanamthitta district continued to remain the worst-affected with thousands of people stranded at their homes in Ranni, Aranmula and Kozhencherry towns.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Parents of many children claim that they have been told to either share beds with other kids or shift to private hospitals.	SURPRISE	1.0
The train was heading to Istanbul from Edirne, on the border with Greece, with 362 passengers and six crew members on board.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.4
The state has sought an immediate assistance of Rs 2,000 crore".	SURPRISE	0.5
“There was only one dam in Kerala in 1924.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The monsoon had hit Odisha two days before its scheduled date on June 8, but did not get momentum subsequently.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Residents who were evacuated were sent to a respite centre at Royal Horseguards Hotel in Whitehall Court, Westminster Council said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We can't sleep at night, and if we get to sleep a car goes past with sirens and we wake up again, on edge," said Enah, a 29-year-old woman who managed to survive with her family.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In March 2017, a 22-year-old man was burnt alive and two of his friends received burn injuries, when the car they were travelling in, collided with a mini-truck on the Sohna-Faridabad road and caught fire.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Supariwala was also booked under the Maharashtra Fire Prevention and Life Safety Act 2006.	ANGER	1.0
Around 40,000 police, fire fighters, troops and maritime safety officials were providing assistance, with more than 2,700 people still forced to stay in shelters after the killer quake struck the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido last week.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The building did not have many people inside at the time of the incident as it was a Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.7
It will deploy 50 high-power pump sets in different areas by tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire started at Kama Industrial Estate on Wallbert Road and spread to a structure used as a factory.	SURPRISE	1.0
The technical team of the railway department reached the spot around 7:55 am to clear the track, which took at least five hours.	ANGER	0.6
This year, 143 persons have lost their lives".	SADNESS	1.0
Hundreds of buildings were destroyed by the wave, which hit the coast of southern Sumatra and the western tip of Java about 9.30 pm (1430 GMT) following the eruption of a volcano known as the "child" of the legendary Krakatoa, national disaster agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
BHUBANESWAR: Cyclone Daye weakened into a deep depression and moved towards Chhattisgarh on Friday but left a trail of a deluge in several districts of Odisha.	SADNESS	1.0
Dav and his friends, however, ignored the advisory and went skiing.	SURPRISE	1.0
Scotland Yard said it is working with the fire service and partner agencies to deal with the leak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Jadeja said it was likely that 8-10 people were trapped under the debris but added that the exact number of those trapped was still not known.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The jurisdiction of Bathinda GRP police station is till Jakhal in Haryana on Bathinda-Delhi section, till Balluana on Bathinda-Ganganagar section, till Chandbhan village near Jaito on Bathinda-Ferozepur section, till Kanakwal village on Bathinda-Sirsa section and till Warring Khera village on Bathinda-Hanumangarh section.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Those who have evacuated, please do not return yet," said Rahmat Triyono, an official at the Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Agency (BMKG).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Road-clearance work and other restoration steps will be taken up once the situation improves, said the Chief Secretary.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
And temperatures over 40 degrees were registered for the first time in Tokyo's metro area, where the government is promoting Uchimizu, a tradition where water is sprinkled onto the ground, as part of a summer heat awareness campaign.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The volcano, whose name means Child of Krakatoa, was a new island that emerged around 1928 in the crater left by Krakatoa, whose massive 1883 eruption killed at least 36,000 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Most of the trapped persons were from Himachal, including 15 Buddhist lamas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He first thought his vehicle had a flat tire, then thought it was exploding.	SURPRISE	1.0
On Saturday, authorities were still having difficulties coordinating rescue efforts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Tomorrow, we are expecting heavy rainfall in only 1-2 districts and remaining places of the state will only witness moderate rainfall.	SURPRISE	0.4
Pune and Mumbai are likely to record 40 degrees after Saturday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At least 15 fire tenders were rushed to the spot to contain the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The magnitude 6.7 earthquake before daybreak Thursday knocked out power and train service across Hokkaido.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Such was the ferocity of the impact that some of the passengers waiting at the platform collapsed in shock.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
On Saturday, authorities were still having difficulties coordinating rescue efforts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Fog is a condensed droplet containing cloud and haze is a mix of smoke and dust due to pollution.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire broke out at around 3.30am due to a short circuit in the electrical wiring system in the camp and spread rapidly, police said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The city has got only one spell of rain till now.	SADNESS	1.0
He was rescued by another fishing trawler, Ramakrishna.	OPTIMISM	1.0
A fire official received burn injuries on his hands and was taken to the Cooper Hospital for treatment, he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
PANDEGLANG: The Indonesian volcano which caused a tsunami that killed more than 400 people last week lost more than two-thirds of its height following the eruption which triggered the killer waves.	SURPRISE	1.0
The personnel of Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) have also joined them.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
the passengers, including a travelling railway employee, asked them to check once under the train.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kerala, I took stock of the situation arising in the wake of the devastating floods across the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources said the five-year-old building did not have the occupation certificate (OC) from BMC and its firefighting system was not working.	SURPRISE	0.9
However, police are yet to confirm this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It was brought back to Dantewada around 11.30pm and repair of the tracks began early Thursday.	OPTIMISM	0.7
However, the railways gave only Rs 50,000 to my family for his courage and sacrifice.	ANGER	0.5
However, Vijayan rejected the charges and said the floods and landslides were due to non-seasonal heavy rains experienced by the state from August 8, and not due to the opening of shutters of dams.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Cyclone Titli uprooted trees and electric poles and damaged hutments in Odisha's Ganjam and Gajapati districts after making landfall early Thursday morning, but no loss of lives was reported from any part of the state, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
An AP reporter saw one body recovered Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
NEW DELHI: Nine people went missing on Friday after an avalanche hit Jammu and Kashmir's Kupwara, reported news agency ANI.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Wayanad, among the worst-hit by the floods, is cut off from the rest of Kerala.	SADNESS	0.6
"Since the minister's statements were announced after the school hours, we are meeting tomorrow to take a call," said principal of Rammohan Mission School, Sujoy Biswas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The United Arab Emirates (UAE) government has offered USD 100 million (about Rs 700 crore) aid to the rain-ravaged state, but the Indian government is unlikely to accept it.	SURPRISE	0.6
Heat wave conditions have abated in parts of Rajasthan where pre-monsoon showers brought down day temperatures by a few degrees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Thursday, maximum and minimum temperature is expected to be around 21 and 7 degrees Celsius respectively.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But now we have cancelled it and decided to send the fund collected to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.5
NEW DELHI: A 6.1 magnitude earthquake on the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border region on Wednesday shook several parts of north India, including the national capital and the Kashmir Valley, the met department said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said no one was left on a missing list, which suggested the figure could be the final death toll.	SADNESS	1.0
Saturday marked the 95th anniversary of the Great Kanto earthquake, which had a magnitude of 7.9 and killed more than 140,000 people in the Tokyo area.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Kerala finance minister T M Thomas Isaac said though the NDM Policy did not put a ban on accepting foreign aid, the Centre has chosen to adopt a "negative stance" to the offer made by the UAE government and it should compensate the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, local administration and the railway authorities have confirmed two deaths as of now.	SURPRISE	0.4
The overnight toll climbed to 50, with 23 people being killed in Sikkim, six in West Bengal, seven each in Bihar, Nepal and Tibet, official reports said.	SADNESS	1.0
Shirke, said her niece Seema Nanderkar, was found dead on the 16th floor.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It was the third major natural disaster to strike Indonesia in the space of six months, following a series of powerful earthquakes on the island of Lombok in July and August and a quake-tsunami in September that killed around 2,200 people in Palu on Sulawesi island, with thousands more missing and presumed dead.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Though there was some let up in rains at a few places, four districts of Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha, Ernakulam and Thrissur remained in the throes of the monsoon fury.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"They have been found alternate accommodation," a senior official from the Indian High Commission in London said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It has also said that under the influence of the rain-bearing weather system called western disturbance, rainfall would cover northern plains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Karnal and Ambala, too, reeled under intense heat wave conditions recording respective maximum temperatures of 42.2 degrees celsius and 42.5 degrees celsius, both four notches above the normal limits.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Unless someone has any emergency work people don’t prefer to come out of houses, let alone shopping or buying things.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An accident relief train and a medical van have rushed to the place of accident, ECoR officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
CAG finds fault in Odisha's cyclone preparedness	SURPRISE	1.0
Two districts -- West and South -- in Sikkim remained inaccessible to the army, delaying rescue work, he said, adding that the local authorities were carrying out relief work and army commanders stationed there have been alerted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said 134 bridges and 16,000 km of Public Works Department roads and 82,000 kms of local roads were completely destroyed, causing a total loss of Rs 21,000 crore.	SURPRISE	0.9
Police have seized both posters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We expect that both lines will be restored by late evening on Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.2
"On condition of anonymity, a railway official said, “Since the train was cruising at 24kmph, the impact of the collision was minor.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Jammu, the weatherman has forecast dry weather for the next three days, indicating rise in the temperatures across the region.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two of those booked have been detained.	ANGER	1.0
Natthu Lal Bathla, a farmer from Jafarpur village, said, “Kharif crop is sown in almost one lakh hectares of land in Terai region.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The meter box on the ground floor was absolutely gutted indicating that it was the source of fire.	SURPRISE	1.0
“The day temperatures in the hills will rise further by a couple of notches while minimums in the night are expected to remain around normal only,” the Met director said, adding that relief from the current spell of heat wave is expected only after May 28.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopters were pressed into service at the accident spot to airlift some of the injured to the hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
“We were informed at 8.07am about the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The said tower has been declared unsafe and DMCR informed to disconnect electric supply and water supply of the tower.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Braving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Officials said the fire started on the 12th floor, where two flats have been amalgamated and renovation work was going on.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said that operation of trains between Jaipur and Ajmer was normalized in the evening but if anyone still has any queries they can contact the helpline number.	JOY	0.2
"The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to hover at 45 and 25 degrees Celsius respectively," the weatherman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The train moved to the railway junction at 9.45am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While the Met department records show 2.7 times higher rainfall in Kerala in August so far, the severe weather really began on August 8.	SURPRISE	0.5
Five soldiers were trapped under the snow," an army official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Commercial flight operations from the naval airport at Kochi commenced today with the first Air India flight from Bengaluru arriving this morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two passengers got injured when they jumped from the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
Condolences to the bereaved families and wishing the injured an early recovery.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The remaining units at the 120,000-barrel-per-day refinery in the western Indian state of Maharashtra are operating normally, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"I want him to be pulled out of there immediately.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Unsung heroes bring smiles to stranded in rain-ravaged KeralaBraving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
We discussed the flood situation across… https://t.co/jm27yP9R2X— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1534476978000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A special team of 40 personnel have been sent to multiple locations in the district so that they can help the local administration in launching operations to clear submerged areas, remove debris and bodies in order to restore normalcy and help the residents in rehabilitation, the official said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Incessant rains since August 8 have so far killed 97 people, with more than 1.67 lakh being shifted to 1,165 relief camps across the state.	SADNESS	0.7
Daye is likely to cause damage to the road, rail and communication channels in various districts of Odisha, India Meteorological Department (IMD) Bhubaneswar said on Friday.	SURPRISE	1.0
"We were returning after a meeting of our society and found the roads blocked due to snow.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Annapurna Saha, 63, a resident of English Bazaar was also found dead at home.	SADNESS	1.0
The civic body had in October 2016 issued a notice to the builder and the 58 occupants to vacate the building within seven days, but it was challenged in the court and the matter is still sub-judice, the BMC said in a statement yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thakur urged the Centre to release Rs 200 crore for immediate work on restoration of infrastructure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DCP (north) Nupur Prasad said that they have registered a case under Section 304 (a) of the IPC against the owner and are investigating into the matter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MANALI: Heavy snowfall continued to disrupt normal life for the second day in Himachal Pradesh on Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.7
This was followed by Poshina in Sabarkantha, which received 40mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He added that the death toll would likely increase.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It quickly snowballed into a serious affair with a group of tech-savvy members from all over the world, including the USA, the UK and Germany, providing technical support.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We are making all arrangements with the help of our counterpart in Kerala in providing them with train and flight tickets so that they can come back to their home state," an ASDMA official said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
The fire was brought under control only two hours later around 2.03am.	OPTIMISM	0.0
Prior to these reports, the government had been maintaining that there were no casualties either during or after the cyclone, which hit the state on Thursday morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
The earlier derailments were attributed to mischief mongers or accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Road communication between Basta and Baliapal too continues to remain disrupted with Jalaka river still flowing above the danger mark," he added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
ALLAHABAD: On the second day in continuation, Allahabad received ample sunshine all day through but the bright sunshine was ineffective against the prevailing 'galan' (cold breeze).	SURPRISE	0.9
While eight trains were cancelled, 79 were running late.	SURPRISE	0.9
Nugroho said more than 4,600 foreign and Indonesian tourists had been evacuated from the islands, with ships taking people to ports in Lombok and Benoa, Bali.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Kerala government helped them to board a flight from Trivandrum on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Unconfirmed reports put the number of death at 8.	SADNESS	0.4
According to him, most of the officials, including railway doctors of the rescue team, were unable to reach the accident site because of lack of direct road link.	ANGER	0.8
DHAKA: The death toll in the cyclonic storm 'Mahasen' that battered Bangladesh's southwestern coastlines climbed to 46 today as bodies of nine children were pulled out from the Bay of Bengal.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The blaze has been brought under control and cooling operations are under way, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
After the landfall, the system is very likely to re-curve gradually northeastwards, move towards Gangetic West Bengal across Odisha and weaken gradually.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"But now we are reaching more remote areas...and in fact there are many victims there," he added.	SADNESS	1.0
He said that District Collectors were authorised to take decisions on evacuated people -- as to whether they stay in cyclone shelters or go home.	SURPRISE	1.0
Dramatic video posted on social media showed a wall of water suddenly crashing into a concert by pop group "Seventeen" -- hurling band members off the stage and then flooding into the audience.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The government has warned people to stay indoors but some were strolling in the park or along the waterfront Sunday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Organizations including Bhoomika Trust, Amritha Institute, IT major Infosys, and other companies like OrisysIndia, Phykon and Sysfore helped the group establish call centres in Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Kozhikode and places outside the state like Bengaluru and Chennai.	OPTIMISM	0.4
At 12.06am on Tuesday, a fire erupted at Shukla Chawl at Reay Road.	SURPRISE	1.0
While Delhi and surrounding areas are expected to remain warm anyway, heat wave conditions will no longer affect the national capital till at least June 1, India Meteorological Department officials told IANS.	JOY	1.0
We thought the coach would catch fire and jumped, because the train was running at a low speed.”	SURPRISE	0.6
https://t.co/Zk1LYhkF8y— ANI (@ANI) 1537509178000Odisha: Two shutters of Upper Kolab dam in Koraput have been opened today following a rise in the water level.…	SURPRISE	0.9
Five others were swept away.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A local official in the city of Labuan, Atmadja Suhara, said he was helping to care for 4,000 refugees, many of whom had been left homeless.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
#WATCH: Parts of Malkangiri town in Odisha have been flooded following heavy rainfall caused due to cyclonic storm…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Zone-II was allowed to renovate and extend existing structures such as hotels and resorts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: 'Operation Maitri', the massive rescue and relief operation initiated by India in Nepal following the April 25 earthquake, came to an end today.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Police said the cause of the fire would be ascertained after the forensic results.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the national capital, hot and humid conditions continued to prevail with the mercury settling at 41.7 degrees Celsius, even as the weatherman forecast dusty winds towards the night.	SURPRISE	1.0
Though wheat area is largely irrigated, 10% to 15% is rain fed and farmers will benefit from this,” said Trilochan Mohapatra, director-general of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, the country’s top agriculture research institute.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Fire and Disaster Management Agency said Tuesday that a total of 80 people have died from the heat since the beginning of July, and over 35,000 have been hospitalised.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
JAKARTA: A strong earthquake struck Indonesia's popular tourist island of Lombok on Sunday, triggering a brief tsunami warning, one week after another quake in the same area killed more than a dozen people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The power line was hanging loose after the cable snapped, so supply on the line was affected for hours.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two days ago, three deaths due to cold were reported from Gajole and English Bazaar.	SADNESS	1.0
NEW DELHI: Mild earthquake tremors were felt in parts of Delhi-NCR on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Firemen found the body of Aziz Virani (46) in the ground floor grocery store.	SADNESS	1.0
“The cyclonic storm will, however, not have any direct impact on Bengal.	OPTIMISM	0.5
DEHRADUN/RUDRAPUR: Soaring mercury across the hill state has thrown life out of gear even as meteorologists predicted that the heat wave is likely to continue for some more days.	SADNESS	1.0
We cannot have such a long lead forecast now," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to hover at 44 and 26 degrees Celsius respectively," it said.	SURPRISE	1.0
"Till the time easterlies starts blowing and push back the breeze coming down from Himalayan foothills, things will not change," said Prof S S Ojha of Allahabad University.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident occurred around 2.40am when the train collided with a dumper.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
He said the state has suffered Rs 1,230 crore in damage due to natural calamities earlier in the year.	SADNESS	0.9
A body blow has been dealt to the scenic state, with its infrastructure, standing crops and tourism facilities severely hit.	SADNESS	0.9
Soumya from Australia said her parents and their relatives were stranded in Aluva for the past two days.	SADNESS	0.5
In Macau's inner harbor district, the water level reached 1.5 meters (5 feet) on Sunday and was expected to rise further.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
TV images showed the seconds when the tsunami hit the beach and residential areas in Pandeglang on Java island, dragging with it victims, debris, and large chunks of wood and metal.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
FIRE, POWER OUTAGES	SURPRISE	0.4
On Saturday, 13 stations recorded similar readings.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though nobody was injured but the only family residing on the second floor had to rush to the terrace as black smoke filled up the entire stairway making it impossible for the family of 12 people to run outside the building for safety.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
British tourist Saffron Amis, who was stranded on Gili Trawangan island, said she spent a second night outdoors as aftershocks rattled the region before finally securing space on a boat.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The fire quickly spread to the other upper floors and adjacent flats.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Gajapati, too, the Odisha Forest Development Corporation (OFDC) personnel have been pressed into service to clear roads by removing the uprooted trees," Sethi told reporters after a review meeting with Chief Secretary A P Padhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Easterly winds in the national capital maintained moisture in the air with Wednesday's humidity oscillating between 36 to 56 per cent against 18 to 47 per cent on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Inclement weather hampered the search and rescue operations, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Soldiers were shown looking for damage on a rural road that was blocked by fallen trees.	SADNESS	1.0
All nine flood-monitoring stations of the Central Water Commission have notified ‘extreme flood situation’.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Two children were burnt to death in a massive blaze here, a fire official said on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The agency warned that much of the country will continue baking in temperatures of 35 degrees or higher until early August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He was produced before the Bhoiwada Metropolitan Magistrate Court which remanded him to police custody till August 27, a senior police officer said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
When possible, he will be flown out of the glacial heights.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is located just a few meters from Nandaram market where a fire raged for over 100 hours ten years ago.	SURPRISE	1.0
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said the figure included around 46,000 children and 14,000 elderly Indonesians, many beyond urban areas that are the focus of government recovery efforts.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Though most of the roads have been cleared today, a road on the southern outskirts of Aizawl was yet to be reopened, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
District authorities have asked people living downstream of Kakki dam in Pathanamthitta to be vigilant as three of its four shutters were lifted up to 75 cm-90 cm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They suspect short-circuit caused the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Budai Tudu, 47, reportedly left his house on Wednesday evening to look for his cow but did not return.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: After a 24-hour long rescue operation, authorities rescued two teenagers and recovered 10 bodies, including five women, who had gone missing on Friday after their passenger vehicle was buried in an avalanche in north Kashmir’s Kupwara district.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The tourists had got stuck in a massive snow blizzard that struck on Saturday around 2.45 pm between Ahirgarh, Sela and Nuranang on the road from Tezpur to Tawang in the West Kameng district of Arunachal Pradesh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The track is very old and week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Both figures are "the worst-ever for any week during summer" since the agency began recording fatalities resulting from heat stroke in July 2008, an agency spokesman told AFP.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Modi offered condolences on the loss of lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami that hit the Sulawesi region of Indonesia, the Prime Minister's Office said in a statement.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A total of 21 lives were lost while dozens were injured in the accident.	SADNESS	0.8
Those returning home from relief camps were in for a shock, seeing muddy interiors of their homes, floating furniture, damaged books and reptiles and snails crawling inside.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Kaifiyat Express travels between Azamgarh in Uttar Pradesh and Delhi and the collision has impacted the train operations on the Delhi-Howrah route.	SADNESS	0.3
The IMD said, "The forward sector of the eye of the storm has been entering into the land mass."	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The rebels left leaflets saying they were observing Martyr's week from July 28 to August 3 in memory of their comrades who were killed in encounters with security forces.	ANGER	0.7
Kolkata: Fire breaks out at Bagri Market in Canning Street; 20 fire engines present on the spot.	SURPRISE	1.0
Track repair work was underway to restore normal running of trains "at the earliest", they added.	OPTIMISM	0.2
The actual loss can be ascertained only after the water recedes in the affected areas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This image provided by National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shows a computer model forecasting the chances of a snow storm hitting the US east coast this weekend.	SURPRISE	0.9
He was unconscious.	SADNESS	0.9
Six men belonging to the 1st Assam Regiment, deployed in the Hanif sub-sector in Siachen glacier area, died in the avalanche hit around 7am, Army sources said here.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
#KeralaFloods | Sajita Jabil (25), who was airlifted by India Navy from her house on Friday, gave birth at the Nav… https://t.co/U4syqpO2sX— TOI Kochi (@TOIKochiNews) 1534501317000	OPTIMISM	0.7
Adilabad reported a slight increase on Wednesday and stood at 4.3 degrees from 3.8 degrees of the day before.Hyderabad	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Three other trains, including the Chandigarh express, were also affected and delayed for hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to the Met forecast, the depression that lay centred over north Andaman was expected to turn into a very severe cyclonic storm and cross north Andhra and Odisha coast between Kalingapatnam and Paradeep by the night of October 12 with a maximum sustained wind speed of 175-185 kmph.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Hundreds of buildings were destroyed by the wave that left a tangled mess of corrugated steel roofing, timber and rubble at Carita beach, a popular spot for day-trippers on the west coast of Java.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A Central medical team comprising orthopedics, surgeons, anesthesiologist and other technicians has also been deputed to Manipur to assist with the treatment of injured people.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Other women were Manasi Bordoloi of Haladiati gaon in Morigaon district, Menawati Boro Nath and Renu Deka of Mangaldo in Darrang district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESWAR: Three wagons of a goods train derailed on Monday at the Marshalling Yard of Khurda Road station near Bhubaneswar.	SURPRISE	0.4
However, the railways gave only Rs 50,000 to my family for his courage and sacrifice.	ANGER	0.5
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Search and rescue teams were scouring rubble for survivors, with at least 584 people injured and twenty reported missing across three regions.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
To assess the safety of partially damaged public buildings and advise the state government on issues related to repair and retrofitting of these structres, the National Disaster Management Authority is deploying a team of experts.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Chief security minister Wiranto told TVOne the military had started sending in cargo planes from the capital Jakarta carrying relief aid.	OPTIMISM	0.9
A river decided to change its course on August 8 and snaked into human habitat at Kannappankundu in Puthuppady panchayat in Kozhikode	SURPRISE	0.8
There were no immediate tsunami alerts or reports of casualties or damage.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Currently, we are at $ 1,51,000 (approximately Rs 1 crore) and it will cross $ 2,00,000,” said Ashley Elenjickal, vice-president, Care and Share, a nonprofit international charitable organization based in USA that primarily targets charitable projects in Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"A permanent way inspector also called a senior section officer, Rajesh Verma, who was in-charge of Manikpur has been suspended over the incident pending investigation", railway spokesperson Anil Saxena said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Traffic system would remain suspended on Saharsa-Mansi section till normalcy returned, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many from Assam working in Kerala have also volunteered to provide relief, arranging train and flight tickets to residents of their home state stranded in the flood.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Two fire tenders were put in place to douse the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
And temperatures over 40 degrees were registered for the first time in Tokyo's metro area, where the government is promoting Uchimizu, a tradition where water is sprinkled onto the ground, as part of a summer heat awareness campaign.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: Three fire incidents were reported on Wednesday at Kanjurmarg, Dahisar and Palghar district.	SURPRISE	1.0
Rescue operation was re-launched on Saturday early morning at 5am and teams from Manali reached the stranded people on Rohtang Pass.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
The two have been in regular touch for the last two days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire erupted on the 12th floor of 17-storeyed Crystal Tower building located in Parel.	SURPRISE	1.0
Dead bodies were seen floating in several places, including Pandanad, Aranmula and Nenmara, where a massive landslide was reports two days ago.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The western coast of Banten province in Java was the worst-hit area, Nugroho told reporters in Yogyakarta.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Owners of houses which are fully damaged will be paid Rs 95,100 each while owners of partially damaged houses will be given Rs 12,700 as a grant for renovation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Preliminary reports indicate that the collision took place due to wrong signal on the track.	DISGUST	0.2
"As per our geological studies and today's condition in Kerala, the stagnant water will be drained much later than expected.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) said that a heavy to very heavy rainfall at a few places, and extremely heavy rainfall at isolated places, is very likely in Odisha in the next 24 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Secretary of the Board of Governors of La Martiniere Schools, Supriyo Dhar said that a decision will be taken on Tuesday if the heat wave continues to prevail.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A purported footage of the flames at the station went viral on social media.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
of the passengers, Vikas Singh, pulled the chain.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Soumya from Australia said her parents and their relatives were stranded in Aluva for the past two days.	SADNESS	0.5
#UPDATE: 20 fire tenders rushed to Crystal Tower near Hindmata Cinema in Parel where fire broke out on 12th floor o… https://t.co/3APOCr6Cfb— ANI (@ANI) 1534911853000	SURPRISE	1.0
Hisar in Haryana was the hottest place in the two states recording a four degrees above normal maximum temperature, MeT department report said here.	SURPRISE	1.0
Kerala is facing its worst flood in 100 years.	SADNESS	0.8
According to the MeT department here, rains and thunderstorm are very likely at a few places over eastern Uttar Pradesh and at isolated places in western Uttar Pradesh on June 25 and 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Singh, who works with engineering wing of 70 Road Construction Company at Stingri in Lahaul, got trapped in avalanche, while the two had a narrow escape.	SURPRISE	1.0
* No action has, so far, been initiated against the organisers.	ANGER	0.9
Scattered rains occurred at isolated places in the mid and higher hills of Himachal Pradesh.	NO-EMOTION	1.0
This kind of response came from many volunteer-residents, as Ernavur and nearby areas were one of the worst-affected during the Chennai floods in December 2015.	SURPRISE	0.7
"When the earthquake happened, I stopped praying with dozens of other people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
According to railway officials, over a dozen trains were affected by the accident.	SADNESS	0.5
Breaking and bad:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cause of the fire remains unknown at the moment	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Less than half of Japan's public schools have air conditioning, and the figure is only slightly higher at public kindergartens.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOCHI: Malayalis across the globe are getting together to collect money to rebuild home state, with many cancelling Onam celebrations abroad.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Administration sources said that while three people died in Nainital, two collapsed due to the biting cold in Haldwani, three in Bageshwar, including an agriculture officer, and one in Bhimtal.	SADNESS	1.0
Though we opened the relief camp at the mosque on August 8, the activities started in full swing only after August 14, following a series of landslides that rocked the district," he told PTI.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Kerala flood victims can share location with Google Maps plus codesEven when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.Even	OPTIMISM	0.8
But the comparison is deceiving.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
And many people in the affected areas are still living in damaged homes or shelters and working outdoors on repairs, putting them at great risk.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The cumulative effect of the last nine days' rainfall has left the state battered, leading to floods that are being described as possibly the worst in a century.	SADNESS	0.9
She must have collapsed there," she said.	SADNESS	1.0
Severe heat wave conditions were witnessed in 2015 across several states, more so in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, killing as many as 2,081 people.	SADNESS	1.0
Over 900 troops have died on the glacier since 1984, almost all of them from avalanches, landslides, frostbite, altitude sickness or heart failure rather than combat.	SURPRISE	1.0
These creeks are natural shelters for fishermen when storms rise," Nanda said.	NO-EMOTION	1.0
Unsung heroes bring smiles to stranded in rain-ravaged KeralaBraving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Apart from the rescue of the entire group of trekkers from the Indian Institute of Technology-Roorkee, the IAF also rescued a German couple trapped in a blizzard while trekking from Ringdum to Dibling near Lahaul-Spiti.	OPTIMISM	0.8
No one was injured in this incident, officials said.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Tirupur: A major fire broke out on dried up Vattamalaikarai reservoir filled with bushes and vegetation near Vellakoil on Sunday.	SURPRISE	1.0
"We are making all arrangements with the help of our counterpart in Kerala in providing them with train and flight tickets so that they can come back to their home state," an ASDMA official said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Biswas said the very severe cyclonic storm (VSCS), 'Titli', is being monitored by the coastal Doppler Weather Radars at Visakhapatnam, Gopalpur and Paradip.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.2 was recorded near the southern Indonesian island of Flores, the US Geological Survey said on Tuesday, four days after a devastating quake on Sulawesi island killed at least 844 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
More than 500 people have been rescued from various marooned areas of this district by the force till now, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.4
They were accommodated in A1 and A3 coaches till Nagpur, as the stricken coach was removed at Sonkhamb, and then moved to a AC III coach attached to the rear of the train.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Senior railway officials have reached the spot and are supervising the rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Rs 4 lakh will be paid to Kanda's family.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We are observing unprecedented levels of heat in some areas," weather agency official Motoaki Takekawa said late Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
HYDERABAD: A minor fire occurred at the cellar of the Apollo Hospital, Jubilee Hills on Friday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"There were some easterly winds in Delhi, which are moist due to which the heat waves were averted, but mercury will gradually rise from Friday onwards and last till the month-end or at least till May 28," Kuldeep Srivastava, scientist at India Meteorological Department (IMD), told IANS.	SADNESS	1.0
Saturday's tsunami was the latest in a series of tragedies that have struck Indonesia, a vast archipelago, this year.	SURPRISE	1.0
Pradip Bag, owner of Ma Tarani trawler, had a providential escape on Tuesday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Amid the distress triggered by the floods, a mosque in northern Malappuram, one of the worst-hit districts, has offered shelter to 17 displaced Hindu families, including women, children and the elderly.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The rescue parties needed exact locations and the IT members used Google coordinates to mark the locations.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The team, consisting of six doctors and 10 medical assistants, arrived here from Mumbai and will fly to Nepal tonight, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Asked whether there was any chance of the mercury plummeting to zero degree in Kanke area this season, Wadood said "we cannot rule out as this season has seen unprecedented snowfall in various places outside the state."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is for the first time in several years that an avalanche has hit an Indian position in the glacier area, the sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Landslides near Vythiri bus station and the Ninth hairpin curve on Thamarassery Ghat Road disrupted traffic on August 9	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
20 fire tenders, two quick response vehicles, five water tankers, and two ambulances were pressed into action at the site which is located on Appasaheb Marathe Marg.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to IMD, Thursday may see slight respite with trace of slight rains at some parts, but only towards evening and maximum temperatures will still hover around 40 to 43 degrees.	OPTIMISM	0.2
The devastating snowstorm, that left parts of the US and Canada crippled, is seeing the Punjabi diaspora rise to the occasion and do what they are best at - community service.	SURPRISE	0.6
On Tuesday, the maximum temperature in Dehradun touched 40.7 degree Celsius while the maximum temperature in Mukteshwar a hill station, was recorded at whopping 31 degree Celsius, seven notches above normal.	SURPRISE	1.0
https://t.co/RYNcftgtaR— ANI (@ANI) 1536729883000 Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	SURPRISE	1.0
IAF aircraft that took part in the operation included heavy lifters C-130J Super Hercules, C-17 Globemaster III, IL-76 Gajraj and medium lifter An-32.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sea condition is likely to remain rough to very rough over these areas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The storm crossed the coast near Gopalpur in Odisha in the midnight, triggering heavy downpour accompanied by high velocity wind in several parts of the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Residents of Pandeglang regency, which was hit the hardest by the disaster, gathered in the early morning, some in tears as they chanted their prayers.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Prima facie, it appears to be dereliction of duty on the part of the engineering section.	SURPRISE	0.4
Kalaburagi: Two bogies of a goods train derailed, blocking all the platforms at Wadi railway station on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	0.4
Idukki district received the maximum rainfall today with Munnar and Peermade towns recording 11 cm and 10 cms respectively, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
My husband was the sole earning member of the family and my three children study in college.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AMARAVATI: Extreme heat wave conditions have been forecast in many parts of Andhra Pradesh with temperatures expected to touch a maximum of 46 degrees Celsius in the next 24 hours.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Two passengers, Mohd Akram of Moradabad and Mahaveer Singh of Rampur fell and were injured when they jumped out.	SADNESS	0.5
Three more deaths were reported in northeastern Cagayan province, where the typhoon made landfall.	SADNESS	1.0
JHARGRAM, West Bengal: At least 68 passengers of a Maharashtra-bound express train were killed early Friday and over 200 injured in a Maoist-backed attack which led to derailment of 13 coaches that were hit by a goods train coming from the opposite direction.	SURPRISE	1.0
BIJNOR: Following a massive storm, a major train accident was averted here in Bijnor after a high-tension wire fell on the Chandigarh-Lucknow Intercity Express at Mauzampur on Friday night at around 11:45.	SURPRISE	0.5
Rescue efforts were hampered by heavy rainfall and low visibility.	SURPRISE	0.9
Yesterday, day temperatures were above normal in Gorakhpur, Varanasi, Faizabad, Allahabad, Lucknow, Bareilly, Kanpur, Moradabad, Jhansi and Agra.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hence, there is a high possibility of more deaths in the event of spread of various diseases like fever, dysentery, gastric issues, skin disorders etc," he was quoted as saying by the paper.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
On an average, 175 to 180 persons are killed on railway tracks or at railway stations in a month, which works out to a person being killed every two days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Passengers, for whom the noise sounded like an explosion, started running helter skelter.One	ANGER	0.3
The first one developed on August 7, and the second, which went on to become a depression, happened on August 13," said M Mohapatra, head of services at India Meteorological Department.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of the nine people, six were travelling in a passenger cab.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The normal onset of monsoon in Jharkhand was last week - between June 10 and June Monsoon arrived a week behind its schedule in 2017.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Intending travellers have been advised not to undertake the journey unless they contact the traffic control rooms in Jammu and Srinagar to know the latest status of the highway.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The smoke from the raging fire spread rapidly, trapping the residents in the stairs, Mumbai Fire Brigade chief P S Rahangdale said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
No tsunami was triggered, but more than 100 were killed by fallen buildings.	SADNESS	1.0
#KeralaFloods | Rescue operations under way by Rapid Action Force (RAF) in landslides affected areas in Palakkad's… https://t.co/sR3BAGinmu— TOI Kochi (@TOIKochiNews) 1534525230000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A 7.5 magnitude earthquake on Friday triggered tsunami waves as high as six metres (20 feet), which swept ashore at the small city of Palu, on the west coast of Sulawesi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“Since our volunteers were spread out in various time zones, at any point of time, people were actively working for the cause,” said Prasanth.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
East coast railway (ECoR) sources said 15th, 16th and 17th wagons from the rear side of the train got affected in the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He realized it was an earthquake after he saw traffic poles swaying.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
"Heat waves conditions have ended today (on Wednesday) and will not affect the national capital for the next four to five days," said Kuldeep Singh.	JOY	1.0
"We suspect Maoist hand behind the blast," Member (Traffic) Railway Board Vivek Sahai said.	DISGUST	0.6
The Hitech City station comes under corridor-3 of the Metro project.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though nobody was injured but the only family residing on the second floor had to rush to the terrace as black smoke filled up the entire stairway making it impossible for the family of 12 people to run outside the building for safety.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
https://t.co/chcDy32Ual— TOI Cities (@TOICitiesNews) 1537508912000 Cyclone may cause moderate rain in KolkataThe city is likely to witness moderate rain on Friday as the deep depression over Bay of Banegal intensified into a cyclonic storm, Daye, on Thursday night.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
This has led to teh rising daytime temperatures across the state.	DISGUST	1.0
MUMBAI: State-run Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) shut a hydrocracker unit at its Mumbai refinery on Wednesday evening following a fire that left more than 40 people injured, said a top company official.	SURPRISE	1.0
“Initially, I had thought there might be a boulder or animal stuck beneath,” he said.Divisional	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The rain spell on Tuesday over the northern plains leading to drop in temperatures and cold weather conditions would benefit standing rabi crop, especially wheat, gram and mustard, said scientists and traders.	OPTIMISM	1.0
As a result, the Gajraula-Bijnor-Najibabad track remained blocked for five hours.	SURPRISE	0.9
People woke up to thick dense fog, which kept the day temperatures down.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 28-year-old woman celebrating her birthday was among those who died, her grandfather told Reuters	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Railways are investigating if the tracks were tampered with, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No casualties have been reported so far here, police said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
In Lucknow, maximum temperature was 16.6 degrees Celsius, 6 degrees below normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We welcomed the move.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
That day, Idukki, one of the worst-hit districts, was battered with 266mm of rain, more than 13 times the normal for the day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A bench of Chief Justice Dipak Misra and Justice Indu Malhotra asked Tamil Nadu and Kerala to work harmoniously to get over the problem.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The fire broke out at around 3.30am due to a short circuit in the electrical wiring system in the camp and spread rapidly, police said.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to the Disaster Management State Control Room, 231 people have lost their lives and 32 are missing in flood-related incidents since August 8.	SADNESS	0.9
President Joko Widodo, who is running for re-election in April, told disaster agencies to install early warning systems, but experts said that, unlike tsunami caused by earthquakes, little could have been done in time to alert people that waves were coming.	SURPRISE	1.0
"The incident happened during inter-post movement of the soldiers," they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Yesterday, the United Arab Emirates prime minister and Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum came out in support for deluge-hit Kerala and ordered the formation of an emergency committee to provide relief to the victims hit by devastating rains and floods in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.7
He was produced before the Bhoiwada Metropolitan Magistrate Court which remanded him to police custody till August 27, a senior police officer said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Manas Angaria, 4, was charred to death when her shawl caught fire from an open oven at her home in Kalna.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The mountain is steep and rises to an elevation of over 13,000ft where snow depth is several feet.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Under its influence heavy rain lashed in north and south Odisha causing a flash flood in Malkangiri and Balasore districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Meanwhile, on early Tuesday morning, a fire erupted in a hotel at Dadar near Sarvodhay Bhavan.	SURPRISE	1.0
An enquiry has been initiated in this matter while restoration work was completed with high alert.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Suddenly, the line snapped as the train was crossing the station, and the cable fell on the last coach of the train, which had some passengers.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Yesterday, the United Arab Emirates prime minister and Dubai ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum came out in support for deluge-hit Kerala and ordered the formation of an emergency committee to provide relief to the victims hit by devastating rains and floods in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Lots of relief material were airlifted for over a month.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Although officials say that there is enough food and water to cater to all those stranded on the islands and hotel owners have been told to provide everyone with free food, there were reports of supplies depleting fast in hotels.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Cabinet Secretary P K Sinha chaired the review meeting while Manipur Chief Secretary participated in it through video conference.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An Assam State Disaster Management Authority official said there was no report of any major damage so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The U.S. Geological Survey put the magnitude of the second quake at a strong 7.5, after first saying it was 7.7.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A medium-intensity earthquake hit Haryana's Jhajjar district and its tremors were also felt in the national capital, the National Centre For Seismology said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As many trains were cancelled or diverted due to the mishap, South Western Railway officials arranged 25 NWKRTC buses to bring passengers from Kundagol, Kusugal and Annigeri to the twin cities.	SADNESS	0.3
Because communications and electricity were knocked out across much of the region where about five million people were in the typhoon's direct path, officials are still assessing the human and material cost.	SADNESS	1.0
us pray for our firefighters who are at site risking their lives...🙏🏽— Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) 1528889066000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The meteorological department recorded about six inches of snowfall at Gulmarg — the popular ski resort of Kashmir — till 8.30am on Monday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The money, which Shruthi gave to the collector, was from the savings plan given to her through LIC.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Two bogies of Hampi Express have derailed.	SURPRISE	0.5
The local police and ECoR authorities have began rescue operations and the injured are being shifted to nearby hospital.	SADNESS	0.9
DHAKA: The cyclonic storm 'Mahasen' on Thursday hit Bangladesh's southern Patuakhali coast with wind speed up to 90 kilometres per hour, killing one person, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Shortly after the quake, a tsunami warning was issued for the southern Alaska coastal areas of Cook's Inlet and part of the Kenai peninsula.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The Jammu and Kashmir state disaster management authority had already issued an avalanche warning for February 15 to 16, and advised people against venturing near avalanche-prone areas, including ski resorts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
A three-member team from Power Grid Corporation is in Manipur to assist in restoring power supply.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Utkal Express had derailed in Muzaffarnagar disrtict of UP, killing 22 people and injuring 156.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Assam unit is part of the 102 Siachen Brigade and is located at altitudes of around 15-16,000 feet, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Mahaveer Singh said, “When the train arrived at Mauzampur station, we saw sparks falling from the power line.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With mercury levels steadily rising across the state over the past 72 hours, the Ranchi office of the India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Monday issued a heat wave alert for isolated parts of the state in the coming next two days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Schools will now open at 7.30 am and end at 12.30 pm instead of the earlier 9 am to 3 pm, said an official.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
More than 200 members volunteered to be physically present on the field at each district call centre where the information they received was passed on to the government authorities on a real-time basis.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A medical train and a relief train have been dispatched from Allahabad to the accident site.	SADNESS	0.6
"The PCAPA have left two posters near the rail tracks clearly owning responsibility for the derailment of the Kurla-bound Gyaneswari Express," IGP (Law and Order) S Karpurakayastha said.	ANGER	0.8
They were rushed to the nearby KEM Hospital where they are stable.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Four fire engines are present at the spot and trying to douse the fire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier, a charred body of an unidentified person was found in a car in Sector 59 on March 12.	SADNESS	1.0
The southern state is facing its worst flood in 100 years with 80 dams opened and all rivers in spate.	SADNESS	0.8
Based on a complaint by the fire brigade, Bhoiwada police have booked the developer, Abdul Razak Ismail Supariwala, for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.	ANGER	1.0
Among the three outsiders, two had gone to rescue people, while one couldn't find his way through the thick black smog and collapsed on the stairs.	SADNESS	1.0
Sixty-three trawlers were missing.	SURPRISE	1.0
Her mortal remains were recovered around midnight," a senior officer from the Eastern Command said.	SADNESS	1.0
Speaking on this initiative, M K Anand, MD &amp; CEO, Times Network said "through this initiative, we aim to offer a nationwide reach to a pained plea to all Indians to step forward and donate to this task of relief and rehabilitation."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.3
Bhagalpur: 06412-4222433	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Aid organizations, already on Lombok after it was hit a week earlier by a 6.4 quake that killed 16 people, said they were stepping up their humanitarian efforts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The state has sought an immediate assistance of Rs 2,000 crore".	SURPRISE	0.5
Desperate non-resident Keralites from Australia, the US and the UK were making fervent pleas to authorities through television channels seeking help for their dear ones.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
KOCHI: For the first time since the evening of August 8, there was no red alert for any of the state’s 14 districts, raising hopes that the lull in rain that set in on Friday wouldn’t prove deceptive.	OPTIMISM	0.4
NEW DELHI: Bringing some respite to Delhi residents, mercury fell by over two degrees in the national capital over past 24 hours with Wednesday's maximum temperature recorded at 42 degrees Celsius, a notch above the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The "India For Kerala" initiative seeks to help people who have been affected by the deluge that hit Kerala,it added.	OPTIMISM	0.5
HYDERABAD: At least 5 people have been killed and several others injured in an early morning train accident in Andhra Pradesh.	SADNESS	0.6
Had a telephone conversation with Kerala CM Shri Pinarayi Vijayan just now.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Three people were left stranded due to snowfall in Holi area of Chamba district.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With flood waters receding from most of the places, the Kerala government has taken up the massive task of cleaning houses and public places filled with slush left behind by the massive deluge that claimed 231 lives, besides causing large-scale destruction.	SADNESS	0.8
No casualties have been reported so far in the fire incident.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Today, we were expecting heavy rainfall in isolated places, but not very heavy rainfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: Fishermen from near Kerala, who were caught in rough seas due to Cyclone Ockhi, have reached Maharashtra's Sindhudurg coast and are safe, chief minister Devendra Fadnavis said here this evening.	OPTIMISM	1.0
KOLKATA: A truck loaded with aluminium ingots ploughed through a level crossing gate between the Kantadih and Tamna stations in Purulia early on Saturday, resulting in a collision and derailment of a goods train.	SURPRISE	0.7
The quake occurred at 4.37 pm at a depth of 10 km and had a magnitude of 3.8, NCS said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cause was under investigation, the Xinhua News Agency said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
More than 300 persons in over 50 vehicles were coming towards Manali from Keylong, the district headquarter of Lahaul-Spiti.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A group of social media enthusiasts, who have already been connected through FB harnessed the immense potential of the platform.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire at the four-story building was extinguished at 7:50 am, state television reported.	SURPRISE	1.0
We are working to sort it out as quickly as possible," the spokesperson noted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Wayanad alone, more than 20,000 people are in relief camps.	SADNESS	0.5
There were also reports that the engine driver was watchful and spotted some leaflets lying on the track.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Ten fire engines, four water tankers, officials of the Mumbai Police and electrical mechanics were at the spot, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some trains pass over the affected track with diesel engines.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As many as 30 district emergency operation centres were asked to track and respond the very severe cyclonic storm effectively, 300 power boats of special relief organisation were kept ready with crew.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The rains have not been heavy, but equally well distributed which is was very much required at this stage for crop growth.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Iwan Asmara, an official from the local Disaster Mitigation Agency, said people poured out from their houses in panic to move to higher ground, particularly in Mataram and North Lombok district.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
However, the Kashmir valley limped back to normalcy as the sun shone brightly in Srinagar on Sunday bringing respite to the people from the biting cold wave, which had engulfed the Valley on Saturday following heavy snowfall in higher reaches as well as in the plains.	OPTIMISM	0.9
Narasimhan said army has launched 'Operation Madad' in Gangtok and other areas by deploying over 2,000 troops.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The first one developed on August 7, and the second, which went on to become a depression, happened on August 13," said M Mohapatra, head of services at India Meteorological Department.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As many as 105 pregnant women in Ganjam and 18 in Jgatsinghpur were shifted to hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
So far, the general public from the district, over the course of the past few days, have donated relief materials like clothing, medicines and food, amounting to more than Rs 30 lakh.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Police said that the cooling operation was ongoing till late on Wednesday night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The IMD in its recent long-range-forecast had predicted that northeast states will receive 95% of its average monsoon rains this year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The plains of Rajasthan also reeled under cold wave conditions, with Jaipur recording 15.8 degrees Celsius maximum temperature and 2.1 minimum temperature.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several roads in the hill district of Idukki, including in picturesque Munnar, have been badly damaged from a string of landslides.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People don’t understand that WGEEP report is not against development as claimed by Kerala Congress politicians and church authorities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It may or it may not be the case," said Kuldeep Srivastava, scientist at IMD said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They are from a hotel and a nightclub," a spokesperson said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gopalpur recorded 126 kmph wind speed at 0430 hours and the wind speed is likely to gradually decrease due to weakening of the cyclone, the statement said quoting a report by the Odisha government.	SURPRISE	1.0
AGRA: A Mumbai-bound express train’s engine collided with a truck in Mathura in the intervening night of Friday and Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.7
BATHINDA: Accidents on railway tracks have claimed 143 lives in Bathinda government railway police (GRP) division and 25 have been killed in Ferozepur region so far.	SADNESS	1.0
Jasvinder Singh Mann, another farmer from Sampatpur, said, “The water sources in our village have dried up.	SADNESS	1.0
The threat to agriculture comes as the Philippines tries to cope with rice shortages.	SADNESS	1.0
The incident took place after damage to axle of wheels of the train which was returning from ACC cement factory.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Desperate non-resident Keralites from Australia, the US and the UK were making fervent pleas to authorities through television channels seeking help for their dear ones.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
He said 1,500 Army personnel were engaged in rescue operations and people stranded on rooftops and inaccesible areas were being winched with the help of defence helicopters.	SADNESS	0.7
“It was a man-made disaster,” Chennithala said and demanded a judicial probe into the circumstances that led to near-simultaneous opening of the dams.	SURPRISE	0.6
It has become difficult to survive.”	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
In the second case, Kalipad Mandal, 70, a resident of ward number 5 in Dineshpur block of Gadarpur subdivision, died reportedly due to cold.	SURPRISE	1.0
The coaches were rerailed by 9:35 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nearly 14.50 lakh people belonging to 3.91 lakh families are still lodged in 3,879 relief camps across the state.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Two bogies of Hampi Express have derailed.	SURPRISE	0.5
Wayanad and Idukki have maximum taluks in zone-I.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All the Rohingya occupants of the camp have been moved safely to a temporary settlement, police said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
After the derailment, the Najibabad-Moradabad train, which was to reach Bijnor at around 4:30 am, was cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Reports of moderate snowfall were also received from other high altitude areas, including Amarnath cave shrine and 'Peer Ki Gali' in south, Sonamarg and Zojilla pass in central, Z-Gali and adjoining areas in north Kashmir, the officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It also came less than a week before the 14th anniversary of the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami, one of the deadliest disasters in history that killed some 220,000 people in countries around the Indian Ocean, including some 168,000 Indonesians.	SURPRISE	1.0
The DGCA is monitoring the situation closely.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
GUWAHATI: An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale today rocked Assam, according to the Regional Seismological Centre.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Heavy equipment was being transported to badly-hit areas to help search for victims, Nugroho said, adding evacuation posts and public kitchens were being set up for evacuees.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The highway has been closed due to landslides in Udhampur and shooting stones at places in Ramban district, he said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
As many trains were cancelled or diverted due to the mishap, South Western Railway officials arranged 25 NWKRTC buses to bring passengers from Kundagol, Kusugal and Annigeri to the twin cities.	SADNESS	0.3
It was informed that 90 per cent of their staff (had) got affected by the flood and are out of station,” CIAL said in a statement.	SURPRISE	0.2
Unsung heroes bring smiles to stranded in rain-ravaged KeralaBraving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	SURPRISE	0.9
“We received the alert an hour after the fire broke out.	SURPRISE	1.0
As many as 20 Army personnel including a major and a Junior Commissioned Officer lost their lives in three separate incidents of avalanches in Sonamarg area of Ganderbal, Gurez in Bandipora and Machhil in Kupwara districts in January this year.	SADNESS	1.0
“His (Chennithala’s) claim that the huge floods this time was not as huge as the 1924 floods is not true.	SURPRISE	0.3
Today, we were expecting heavy rainfall in isolated places, but not very heavy rainfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Low pressure systems over Bay of Bengal, a normal occurrence during this season, attract winds from the high pressure regions over south Indian Ocean.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
An eruption just before 4pm on Saturday lasted around 13 minutes and sent plumes of ash soaring hundreds of meters into the sky.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Amritsar-Saharsa Garib Rath was short terminated at Begusarai on Monday and it would originate from there for Amritsar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Four Railway staff, the guard, driver, assistant driver and a loco-inspector have been suspended.	ANGER	0.4
Mosques in the Maval taluka will also collect donations for the flood victims.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Mamata Banerjee, board chairman Sahay, railway board member (electrical) Sudesh Kumar, director-general of railway health service B K Ramteke, Eastern Railway general manager V N Tripathy and other senior officials visited the accident site as did five Bengal ministers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: At least seven people, including three women, are feared dead in North Kashmir's Kupwara district after the vehicle they were travelling in was buried by an avalanche on Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The order is also applicable for the private schools affiliated to West Bengal Board of Secondary Education.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Supply of water and power has also been hit in Kullu, Chamba, Lahaul-Spiti and Kinnaur districts, officials said.	SURPRISE	1.0
All tourists are safe on the islands,” said Udipt Prakash Rai, deputy commissioner, south Andamans.	OPTIMISM	1.0
NEW DELHI: At least 10 Army jawans are missing after an avalanche hit Siachen's northern glacier in Jammu and Kashmir.	SURPRISE	1.0
Amid concerns raised by many, including on social media platforms about steep fluctuations in air ticket prices to and from Kerala, where the main airport at Kochi has been shut till August 26, Prabhu said the ministry as such cannot interfere with the fares but it is "doing it" in this time of crisis.	OPTIMISM	0.5
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
An avalanche hit a security installation of Army’s 20-Dogra regiment in Kupwara’s Nowgam sector that swept two soldiers who are missing till reports came in.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Then unfolded the horrific sight.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A group of social media enthusiasts, who have already been connected through FB harnessed the immense potential of the platform.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said several dams in South Gujarat received fresh inflows of water.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
स्थानीय मीडिया के मुताबिक, इस दुर्घटना में 100 से ज्यादा यात्रियों की मौत हुई है।	SADNESS	1.0
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said officials hope to reopen Kansai Airport for domestic flights on Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A rescue operation was launched immediately and the 15 soldiers saved, he said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The identity of the second victim is yet to be confirmed," said investigating officer ASI Manoj of Sadar police station, adding the car was hit from behind on the fuel tank and caught fire, and that no arrest has been made so far.	SURPRISE	1.0
LONDON: An Indian delegation which was in the UK for the Education World Forum 2018 was among hundreds evacuated from their hotel here after a gas leak early today.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to the Indian Metrological Department, the city has so far received only 5.2 mm of rain, a deficit of 60 mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Road clearance operation will be begin soon after the rain stops," he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
#UPDATE The fire which had broken out in the basement of Ashoka Hotel in Chanakyapuri is under control.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The fire broke out on the rooftop of the 1-Above restaurant , after its shed, made of bamboo and plastic, began to burn.	SURPRISE	1.0
Red Alert issued for today in 11 districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
(Via AP) The joke among hardened winter veterans is that such alarms are a conspiracy between weather channels and grocery chains to drive up viewership and empty out inventory of food and other essential commodities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At some moments I thought I'm going to die as snow had almost covered our jeep.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
2018: Major quakes hit Indonesia's tourist island of Lombok, killing more than 500 people, mostly on the northern side of the island.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Commend the valiant efforts of fire-fighters and those in rescue ops #PresidentKovind	OPTIMISM	1.0
In all, eight districts - Ganjam, Gajapati, Khurda, Puri, Jagatsinghpur, Kendrapara, Bhadrak and Balasore - have been affected by "very severe cyclone Titli", he said.	SADNESS	0.9
The money, which Shruthi gave to the collector, was from the savings plan given to her through LIC.	OPTIMISM	0.7
In response to Indonesia's appeal for international aid, the Prime Minister offered to Widodo all possible assistance from India as a maritime neighbour and as a friend of Indonesia.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Dramatic TV footage showed the seconds when the tsunami hit a concert at the event and washed away the stage where local rock band Seventeen was performing.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Kerala flood victims can share location with Google Maps plus codesEven when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
No one was injured in this incident, officials said.	OPTIMISM	0.4
“His (Chennithala’s) claim that the huge floods this time was not as huge as the 1924 floods is not true.	SURPRISE	0.3
I pray that those injured recover quickly," he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The injured were admitted to different hospitals in Amritsar.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Even as relief materials and donations to the Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund (CMDRF) pour in, a political row has erupted over accepting foreign aid.	SURPRISE	0.3
Indonesia is prone to earthquakes because of its location on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Such incidents have taken place in the past as well, but the speed and the construction of the train is such that any major accident is unlikely.	ANGER	0.4
Tuesday's maximum temperature in Delhi was 44.4 degrees, four notches above the season's average, while the minimum temperature was recorded at 25.9 degrees, a notch below the season's average.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
"If required, the vacation may be extended beyond June 21 also, keeping in view the weather condition," he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 22 deaths reported during the day were in Ernakulam, Thrissur, Idukki, Pathanamthitta and Chengannur districts.	SADNESS	0.6
He and four others — all Russian nationals — were skiing near Apharwat peak in Hapat Khud area, when they came under the avalanche, said divisional commissioner Basheer Ahmad.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The deceased include an elderly woman identified as Subhadha Shelke (62) and three men.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Around 250 employees of the state utility company PLN had gathered in Tanjung Lesung for an end-of-year event, company spokesman I Made Suprateka told Reuters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of the 13 occupants, eight managed to hold onto a large floating drum and later rescued by a trawler called Gitanjali.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Idukki had four continuous days of heavy to extremely heavy rain followed by one day of 25.4mm rain and then six continuous days of heavy to extremely heavy showers in August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Due to heavy snowfall in the upper reaches of Jammu’s Doda, Kishtwar, Ramban, Kathua, Rajouri, Reasi and Poonch districts, some inter-district and inter-state roads were also closed for vehicular traffic.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The truck driver died in the accident and his helper was admitted to a hospital in Purulia.	SADNESS	0.8
Anil Saxena, railway PRO, said that three coaches of Hampi Express have been damaged.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
A heavy police deployment has been made to keep the situation in order.	SURPRISE	1.0
"On condition of anonymity, a railway official said, “Since the train was cruising at 24kmph, the impact of the collision was minor.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BIJNOR: A major accident was averted at Bijnor station on Sunday at around 4:30 am when four coaches of a goods train derailed form track during shunting.	SURPRISE	0.6
But the operation was stopped as blizzards hampered the operation.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
For many people in Kashmir, the tremors recalled the nightmare of the October 2005 earthquake that flattened wide parts of Jammu and Kashmir on either side of the Line of Control.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Deputy relief commissioner Pravat Ranjan Mohapatra said the government’s standing instructions issued to all collectors during summer still continued.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Since April 2017, three major derailments have occurred in three sections of Northern Railway in UP.	SURPRISE	0.5
The blaze erupted around 10 am on the second floor of the seven-storey building at the Madhur Industrial Estate in Andheri, a fire brigade official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
AIZAWL: Cyclone 'Mora' accompanied by heavy showers and gusty winds lashed Mizoram yesterday disrupting power and telecommunication network, damaging houses and triggering landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Easterly winds in the national capital maintained moisture in the air with Wednesday's humidity oscillating between 36 to 56 per cent against 18 to 47 per cent on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Two people were rescued from the debris Monday including a woman with a broken leg, said villager Supri Yono, and three were found dead.	SADNESS	1.0
Idukki had four continuous days of heavy to extremely heavy rain followed by one day of 25.4mm rain and then six continuous days of heavy to extremely heavy showers in August.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
ASDMA chief executive officer, Rajesh Prasad told TOI that the ASDMA, along with Assam Bhawan in Kolkata, has made arrangements for providing food, water and medical help to the passengers at Howrah station.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Several of the injured lay in a bloody mess.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Few of the lucky persons safely crossed the pass but fast accumulation of snow stopped movement of nearly 40 vehicles.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Even the day temperature in the city was 12.5 degrees, Met department officials said.	SURPRISE	0.9
The Hitech City station comes under corridor-3 of the Metro project.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
#UPDATE The fire which had broken out in the basement of Ashoka Hotel in Chanakyapuri is under control.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The Kerala government has now turned its attention to cleaning of houses and public places which were damaged in the unprecedented rains that ravaged the state and with the operations to rescue stranded people from flood-affected areas nearing closure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police said that the cooling operation was ongoing till late on Wednesday night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state, which suffered an estimated loss of Rs 20,000 crore in the deluge, has sought from the Centre a relief package of Rs 2,600 crore under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) and the centrally-sponsored programmes.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Passengers’ belongings lay strewn scattered on the tracks.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.4
The derailment occurred at 0805 hours between Uppalavai-Sirnapalli stations on the Secunderabad-Mudkhed section of the South Central Railway, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MANALI: A jawan of the Border Roads Organization (BRO), a wing of the Army, had miraculous escape on Saturday afternoon after he was hit by an avalanche at the north portal of Rohtang tunnel in Lahaul.	OPTIMISM	1.0
2018: More than 2,000 people were killed by a powerful earthquake and tsunami that hit the city of Palu, on the west coast of Sulawesi island.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
West Bengal fisheries minister Kiranmoy Nanda said the vessels sighted at Sundarbans could be the 43 trawlers reported missing from the islands.	SADNESS	1.0
BHOPAL: One person died due to cold wave in the state on Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
It said the storm was centered at 9am about 270 kms southwest of Chittagong Port, 225 kms southwest of Cox's Bazar Port and 210 kms south of Mongla port.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Its epicenter was about 2 kilometers (1 mile) east-southeast of Loloan.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Saeena (4), Ayisa (1), Mafia (4), Arman (3), Rihan and Ummaid fell ill, a camp organizer said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to reach the state tonight and is likely to undertake an aerial survey of the flood-affected areas tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
From August 20, we are not expecting any heavy rainfall.	OPTIMISM	0.5
More than 20 passengers had sustained injuries in the accident.	SADNESS	0.4
"No significant change in the temperatures is likely in the next few days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake lasted around 15 to 20 seconds and was felt around 10.20 am.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
One soldier is still missing and efforts are being made to locate him, they said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Over two feet of snow has already been recorded at Rohtang Pass while Keylong in Lahaul-Spiti has recorded over one feet of snow.	SURPRISE	1.0
While the Met department records show 2.7 times higher rainfall in Kerala in August so far, the severe weather really began on August 8.	SURPRISE	0.5
However, people in worst-hit places like Pathanamthitta and Chengannur said that hundreds were yet to be evacuated.	SADNESS	0.6
From exactly where the winds are sucked in depends on the strength and position of low pressure systems.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Visakhapatnam, Kadapa, Anantapuramu and Kurnool districts may record 40-41 degrees Celsius, while Srikakulam and Vizianagaram may record 38-39 degrees Celsius, SDMA said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said these teams were using modern equipment for the rescue operation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The relief team had to air drop food packets for the stranded people in these areas, he said. The SRC clarified that floodwater has subsided in Ganjam, Gajapati and Rayagada districts in the past 24 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Philippine forecasters said the shifting typhoon could possibly blow toward Vietnam after it exits late Saturday or early Sunday.	SURPRISE	1.0
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The fire quickly spread to the other upper floors and adjacent flats.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHABHUA: Five persons were run over by a speeding train when they were trying to cross over the track in Bihar's Kaimur district on Friday.	SURPRISE	1.0
HYDERABAD: At least 5 people have been killed and several others injured in an early morning train accident in Andhra Pradesh.	SADNESS	0.6
As central Kerala is yet to recover from post flood trauma, it is a daunting task to arrange local transportation, logistics of catering items which will lead to a cascading effect on passengers.	SADNESS	0.5
In many places, the local people were in the forefront of the evacuation along with defence and NDRF personnel.	OPTIMISM	0.5
"We have no food or water. Please help us."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
DUBAI: Indian-origin billionaire businessmen based in the UAE have announced Rs 12.5 crore donation for flood relief operations in the deluge-hit Kerala, according to a media report.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The Trichy district Ricemill, Paddy and Rice Merchants Association members also handed over 16 tonnes of rice worth Rs 7 lakh for the victims to Rajamani.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The coast grazing cyclone is likely to move northeasterly direction further and may cross Chittagong-Cox's Bazar coast by noon of May 16," the latest bulletin from Bangladesh Meteorological Department said.	SURPRISE	0.8
The accident occurred just three days after Rajya Rani Express collided with an oil tanker near Pitambarpur railway station killing one an injuring 50 others.	SADNESS	0.6
Though railways was yet to announce an inquiry to probe the exact cause behind the incident, prima facie it appeared that the mishap took place while the victims were crossing the tracks when Rajyarani Express was coming from Saharsa end.	SURPRISE	1.0
Due to heavy rainfall in MP, the Narmada dam received fresh inflows.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
TAIPEI: At least 17 people have died after an express train derailed and flipped over on a popular coastal route in Taiwan on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The tsunami was caused by "an undersea landslide resulting from volcanic activity on Anak Krakatau" and was exacerbated by abnormally high tide because of the full moon, Nugroho said.	SURPRISE	1.0
But reports and residents said gusty winds accompanied by thunder showers signaled the advancement of the cyclonic storm in coastlines stretching from south-eastern Teknaf to southwestern Khepupara.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wayanad followed the ‘Munnar model’ and nature hit back with a vengeance.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The quake was the latest in a string of natural disasters to batter the island nation.	SADNESS	1.0
Thick ash clouds continued to spew from Anak Krakatau, a volcanic island where a crater collapse at high tide on Saturday sent waves smashing into coastal areas on both sides of the Sunda Strait between the islands of Sumatra and Java.	SURPRISE	1.0
Local fishermen have also joined in the rescue mission with their boats and could be seen evacuating those marooned in places like Aluva, Kalady, Perumbavoor, Muvattupuzha and Chalakudy.	OPTIMISM	0.9
Some passengers have received Injuries and have been shifted to nearby hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Teams drawn from different areas, including electricians and plumbers, have also been deployed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We're already poor and then this (storm) happened to us.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Khammam and Badrachalam having a huge forest area had shown a drop of 7.9 degrees Celsius and 7.6 degrees C respectively than the normal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state's estimated loss in the deluge is Rs 20,000 crore (as per a preliminary estimate).	SADNESS	0.7
Its driver was killed on the spot,” said Soumitra Majumdar, chief passenger transportation manager, South Eastern Railway.	SADNESS	0.6
Of the 1,089 water supply schemes affected due to the floods, more than 800 have started functioning, he said, adding efforts were on to make others also functional.	OPTIMISM	0.5
KOCHI: Most parts of Kerala were flooded following heavy non-stop rains for the past two days, displacing thousands of people and disrupting life to an extent never before witnessed in the state in living memory.	SURPRISE	0.4
Gurugram and Faridabad sizzled at 43 degrees.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Gopal, another survivor from Gohar (Mandi), said, "The night was horrible.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
LONDON: An Indian delegation which was in the UK for the Education World Forum 2018 was among hundreds evacuated from their hotel here after a gas leak early today.	SURPRISE	1.0
There are two manned level-crossing on that track, both were close.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It took two days to restore electricity to most of the island of 5.4 million people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"All the gates are locked so we have to use gas cutters to break open the doors to get in.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Indian Ocean tsunami is also known as Boxing Day tsunami since it occurred on December 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The minister has also made the request to private schools affiliated to other boards to close for extreme heat.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Huge granite blocks, which had fallen from atop mountains, could be seen perched precariously amidst gushing flood waters.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
MUMBAI: Three fire incidents were reported on Wednesday at Kanjurmarg, Dahisar and Palghar district.	SURPRISE	1.0
The tsunami also damaged the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, leading to a series of explosions and meltdowns in the world's worst nuclear disaster for 25 years.	SURPRISE	1.0
He said the railways rescue team could reach the spot at 2.45pm only.	SURPRISE	0.5
“This includes financial assistance, providing food grains and medicines.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state is an exception in that it does not have a single battalion of the state disaster response force (SDRF), which is mandatory as per the rules to tackle natural calamities.	SURPRISE	0.7
The southern Indian state is facing its worst flood in 100 years with 80 dams opened and all rivers in spate.	SADNESS	0.6
Latest visuals: 30 fire tenders now at the spot in Bagri market on Canning Street in Kolkata where a fire broke out… https://t.co/tr5HI3Wy3J— ANI (@ANI) 1537065416000	SURPRISE	1.0
“But 75% of the funds came from Microsoft and Apple employees,” added Ashley.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Taiwan Railways Administration confirmed 17 people had been killed and said 132 people had also been injured in the accident in northeastern Yilan county.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“There was only one dam in Kerala in 1924.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Passengers of the train were immediately transported to their destinations by the Railway authorities, they said.	JOY	0.4
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We cannot close down the school without getting any order from chairman or higher authorities as the temperature increased suddenly.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The group members channelized all SOS messages received through different social media platforms along with the data from the government’s website Keralarescue.in launched during the floods, to government call centres.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Met department said that the conditions will prevail in parts of Uttarakhand, both hills and plains, for the next four to five days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Majority of us believe that rather than celebrate Onam, we should contribute money to relief works in Kerala,” said Udayan Mahesan, president, Sevanam Sharjah Union.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The damage is said to be in crores.	SURPRISE	1.0
Kerala received Rs 210 crore towards the Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund and a promise of Rs 160 crore," he said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
In Kullu, 378 transformers were damaged, affecting power supply in about 40 per cent area of the district's area.	SURPRISE	0.9
The Coast Guard will set sail with two ships from Haldia on Thursday morning â€“ one heading for the Sandheads off Digha, the other towards the seas off the Orissa coastline.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Interestingly, the tsunami managed to travel 5,000 km to Africa with sufficient force to cause casualty and damage property.	SURPRISE	0.9
High temperature will continue for next few days though one or two places in the state may witness Nor’wester rain or thundershowers in the next 24 hours,” said IMD’s regional director at Bhubaneswar centre, H R Biswas.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Army porter Ghulam Qadir Khan, a resident of Tulail’s Kilshey village in Gurez, fell to death after slipping from a height during snowfall, said police.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The deceased was identified as Stanis Dav.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“His body was stiff due to cold and was recovered at 8 am in the morning,” he said in a press release issued in Tikamgarh.	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: The Kochi Airport is now expected to reopen next Wednesday (August 29) and not this Sunday (August 26) due to extensive damage caused by the flooding in the area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rajender and the other man were inside the godown resting while some other employees were welding some parts.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The daughter, in turn, called her relative Jaywant Sawant who rushed to the building but couldn't find Shirke in her apartment after climbing 12 floors.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Three overhead masts were also smashed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Therefore, it is severe cold wave in these two districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cause of the fire remains unknown at the moment	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Health Minister Ahmet Demircan said 318 were injured, with 124 of them still hospitalized.	SADNESS	1.0
Rain abates in flood-hit Kerala, focus now on rehabilitation: Key developmentsThe IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.	JOY	0.3
Talking to this newspaper on Wednesday, Kumar said the railways has directed all booking stations to book flood relief materials in any kind for the Kerala through the government agency only.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Chennai division hopes that commuters will understand the gravity of the situation and are requested to cooperate to ensure the safety of train operations.	OPTIMISM	0.2
An 11-member ODRAF team has arrived in Malkangiri district from Koraput to expedite relief and rescue operations, he added.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Nearly 200 people have been killed in Kerala since August 8 due to floods caused by rains and landslides, while lakhs of people have been moved to relief camps.	SADNESS	1.0
Typhoon Mangkhut barreled into southern China on Sunday after lashing the northern Philippines with strong winds and heavy rain that left at least 64 people dead and dozens more feared buried in a landslide.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Since that evening, the upper reaches received fresh snow, triggering multiple avalanches in north Kashmir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: At least 10 people were killed and several others were injured in incidents of lightning strike in West Bengal with heavy monsoon rain triggering floods in Mizoram, even as heat wave conditions prevailed in north India.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The 33-year-old laundrywoman said the 2016 typhoon blew away their hut, which they abandoned before the storm hit.	SADNESS	1.0
"We evacuated the victims who died and were injured, we took them to health clinics ... Most of them suffered from broken bones," he said, adding he feared more were missing.	SADNESS	1.0
A visual analysis by the Indonesian volcanology agency found the volcano has lost more than two-thirds of its height, an official said Saturday.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Met office, however, did not confirm this.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many people contributed generously on the spot and we were able to collect Rs1 lakh.	JOY	0.8
The Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund (CMDRF) had received donations to the tune of Rs 309 crore till last evening through online and deposits in the special SBI account.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Once the airport operator and ANS team gives a report, the regulator will have to give the final nod to reopen.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The divisional commissioner of Jalandhar has been entrusted with the job of holding the inquiry	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In addition, a review by disaster authorities under MHA found fault with the state for not 'gradually releasing' water from about 30 dams in anticipation of the rains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Like Bali, Lombok is known for pristine beaches and mountains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: An earthquake measuring 5.6 on the Richter scale hit parts of Assam on Wednesday afternoon, tremors of which were also felt in parts of West Bengal, reported USGS.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As the very severe cyclonic storm Titli made landfall in Gopalpur and led to a downpour in eight districts, Odisha is facing a possible flood situation in its coastal belt on Thursday, an official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Officials said it was fortunate the train ran without mishap with the broken wheel.In	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
LISBON: A weakened hurricane Leslie has hit Portugal, leaving 27 people injured as it uprooted trees and smashed store windows with gusting winds and heavy rain.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Surveying some of the flood-affected areas on Saturday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi sanctioned Rs 500 crore as immediate aid to the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Four tenders doused the flames in one hour.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Fishermen are advised not to venture into these areas, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Wind speeds of 80-100kmph continued to pummel Gajapati district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It broke ou… https://t.co/7JtJt5mWN3— ANI (@ANI) 1534156489000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We slept in a bungalow until another quake hit us at midnight and then we moved to the beach," she said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
The humidity on Thursday oscillated between 27 to 38 per cent.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The fire broke out due to the short circuit in the AC.	SURPRISE	1.0
The state has so far received 53.85mm of rain, which is 6.48% of the state average seasonal rainfall of 831 mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Then we will know if the instrument landing system (ILS), which was submerged in the floods, needs to be calibrated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: At least four persons were killed and 16 others injured when a fire broke out on the 12th storey of the Crystal Tower building at Hindmata in Parel on Wednesday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In the last ten months, Uttar Pradesh has witnessed several major train-related accidents.	SURPRISE	0.5
Complimenting the state authorities for their efforts, Modi reiterated that the Centre was providing all possible assistance to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.3
They had already used saws to cut a square out of the slab but could not find the body.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials have urged people to use air conditioning, drink sufficient water and rest often.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There was no estimate on the number of missing.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The group also announced that it had mobilised a disaster support team of over 300 volunteers.	OPTIMISM	0.5
In Bandipora’s Gurez sector, an avalanche swept through a security installation manned by 36 Rashtriya Rifles in the Baktoor region, killing three soldiers, confirmed defence sources.	SURPRISE	1.0
KOCHI: For the first time since the evening of August 8, there was no red alert for any of the state’s 14 districts, raising hopes that the lull in rain that set in on Friday wouldn’t prove deceptive.	OPTIMISM	0.4
This is a dog in the manger policy," he tweeted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: A passenger vehicle was hit by a huge avalanche of snow on the Kupwara-Tangdhar road in Jammu and Kashmir on Friday, which left at least seven people trapped.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Any organization or its functionaries willing to send relief materials by railways could book their consignments through district magistrate or deputy commissioner of the area without paying any charges, said ECR chief public relations officer (CPRO) Rajesh Kumar.	OPTIMISM	0.6
"There is no evacuation yet in the disaster area," Kodongan added.	SURPRISE	0.8
No injury or casualty has been reported, official sources said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
"We made no request to any foreign gov but UAE gov voluntarily offer 700cr.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"As a record heatwave continues to blanket the country, urgent measures are required to protect the lives of schoolchildren," top government spokesman Yoshihide Suga told reporters Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Thursday, Palam at 44.1 degrees, four notches above the season's average, was the warmest place in Delhi, causing heat waves with inductive effect on the rest of the region.	SADNESS	1.0
The cause of the fire is yet to be known.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
None was hurt in the incident, they said.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The cable then snapped and fell on the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
No casualties have been reported so far here, police said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The schools, which were scheduled to reopen after summer vacation on June 18, would now open from June 21, said School and Mass Education Department Secretary PK Mohapatra.	SURPRISE	0.3
Thirty fire engines are at the spot, trying to douse the flames.	SURPRISE	1.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Of late, stories about social media have been not very encouraging, as it was increasingly turning out to be a platform spewing venom.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Farmers claim that the soaring mercury is delaying the sowing of kharif crops, mainly paddy and cotton, with water shortage and errant electricity supply compounding the woes.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Many from Assam working in Kerala have also volunteered to provide relief, arranging train and flight tickets to residents of their home state stranded in the flood.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The step has been taken to save school going children in the picturesque Kangra valley from the intense heat wave, an official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to RTC staff, the fire first broke out in an under-repair bus (no: AP 29 ZZ 3368) due to a ‘short circuit’ at around 2 am on Thursday and later spread to four other buses parked in the vicinity.	SURPRISE	0.8
In response to Indonesia's appeal for international aid, the Prime Minister offered to Widodo all possible assistance from India as a maritime neighbour and as a friend of Indonesia.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A spokesman for NCR said rescue operations have been concluded and all injured were sent to hospitals nearby.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
At 12.06am on Tuesday, a fire erupted at Shukla Chawl at Reay Road.	SURPRISE	1.0
Earlier, railway minister Mamata Banerjee said the derailment followed a blast apparently triggered by Maoists who are observing a 'black week'.	DISGUST	0.6
Western parts of the country are still recovering from the most powerful typhoon to strike Japan in a quarter of a century, which claimed 11 lives and shut down the main regional airport.	SADNESS	1.0
Also, the anticyclone tends to trap the warm air in the lower levels of the atmosphere, keeping the temperature high,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Deputy relief commissioner Pravat Ranjan Mohapatra said the government’s standing instructions issued to all collectors during summer still continued.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
TRICHY: The engine of Karaikudi-Chennai Pallavan Superfast Express train derailed as it was nearing Trichy Railway Junction around 6.25am on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Balachandran explained there were other ocean-specific challenges in giving long lead forecasts over the Indian seas.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Srinagar recorded the minimum temperature of minus 3.2 degrees Celsius, a slight increase from minus 3.9 degrees Celsius yesterday, the official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The successful rescue operation was the result of mutual efforts of locals and all departments.	JOY	1.0
The IMD has also sounded a red-coded alert for Haryana, Rajasthan and west Uttar Pradesh until May 27.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The deadly monsoon rains in Kerala have claimed 216 lives since August 8 and has displaced over 7.14 lakh people from their homes.	SADNESS	0.7
The toy train is operated by the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) on contract in public-private partnership mode.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Preliminary investigation has revealed that the fire broke out in the meter box of 82 Shambhunath Pandit Street located opposite Gol mandir and a stone’s throw from Balwant Singh Eating House.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We utilized palm leaves and other things to put off the fire,” he added.	SURPRISE	0.8
"Our demand is also the same.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This the highest for the month since 1931, when Kerala had witnessed its wettest month of August on record with 1,132mm of rain, said Pulak Guhathakurta, head of the climate data management and services, IMD.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"That was my first experience with the earthquake and it was really terrible," said Lize Reert, a Belgian woman among the several thousand who fled Gili Trawangan.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Pakistan army chief Gen Ashfaq Parvez Kayani had recently said that India had hardened its position on the Siachen issue as compared to the 1989 stance it had adopted, saying that it "takes two hands to clap".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The afternoon temperature in Jamshedpur stood at 42.1° Celsius on Monday, six notches above its normal temperature.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Superintendent of Bijnor railway station, Arvind Kumar said, “The coaches derailed because of the driver’s laxity, who was dozing during the shunting.	ANGER	0.7
Reddy also asked him to mobilize vehicles and keep the National Disaster Response Force teams ready for rescue operations.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
She said the warning was for the lowest level of tsunami, and that small waves just 15 centimeters (6 inches) high were detected in three villages.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Since both UP and DOWN lines are blocked, around 40 local trains were also being diverted.	SURPRISE	0.6
This kind of response came from many volunteer-residents, as Ernavur and nearby areas were one of the worst-affected during the Chennai floods in December 2015.	SURPRISE	0.7
The union added that the government has cut costs, including eliminating route inspector jobs about five years ago.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The CPRO said ECR GM Madhuresh Kumar, along with senior officials of the ECR headquarters, rushed to the site by a special train soon after receiving the information about the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The southwest monsoon that set into Kerala yesterday, is expected to advance into Andhra Pradesh around June 3.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We are expecting more rains on Wednesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At 42.8 degrees, Palam remained the warmest region across National Capital Region (NCR) on Wednesday, though down from Tuesday's sizzling at 46.5 degrees Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
All the other soldiers regrettably are no more with us," said Northern Army Command chief Lt-General D S Hooda late on Monday night.	SADNESS	1.0
“Today, the CM was in the city.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This categorisation will enable the state to get greater monetary and other assistance from the Centre.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Cars shook as wind gusts pummeled a parking lot.	SURPRISE	1.0
Then unfolded the horrific sight.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
One Bulgarian national slipped and fell down the steep gorge while she was trying to move on her own.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
NEW DELHI: After two days of persistent heat wave, the National Capital and surrounding regions on Thursday saw "very slight" respite, as average maximum temperature stood at 43 degrees Celsius, three notches above the season's average.	JOY	0.2
Odisha, AP brace for cyclonic storm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A team of six trekkers from New Delhi and Shimla is missing in Kinnaur district, officials said.	SADNESS	0.8
"My prayer is for the victims to get help and be granted patience and I also pray the government will immediately help us to rebuild, to provide clothes and food, or at least to give us moral support," fellow congregant Dian Rosdiana said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
More than 600,000 people live in Donggala and Palu.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The work is going on at a war footing.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police said that the matter came to fore when they received a PCR call at 8.50 pm, soon after which the fire officials were informed and three fire tenders were rushed to the spot.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
You everyone.Let	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"However, most parts of the state will have partly overcast conditions from Wednesday onwards.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The toll could go up," West Bengal home secretary Samar Ghosh said.	SADNESS	0.0
They plan to run this campaign till August 31.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
India has deployed its troops in Siachen for close to 30 years now and has lost more people to the weather and terrain than to enemy bullets.	SADNESS	1.0
The missing jawans are feared dead, said a defence spokesperson on Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
The goods train was moving towards the IOC depot in Navalur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said 18 people were confirmed dead but he had no information about injuries or other details.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Pathanamthitta district continued to be the worst affected over the last 24 hours as thousands of people were stranded in their homes in the towns of Ranni, Aranmula and Kozhencherry.	SADNESS	0.8
The incident happened at around 4.10 am while the empty train was moving back.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though there’s no cold wave warning for Hyderabad, the city recorded 10.8 degree Celsius on Wednesday, the lowest for the year and lower than last year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"As per our geological studies and today's condition in Kerala, the stagnant water will be drained much later than expected.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire was doused at 3.15pm, the officer added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“A patrol party of the Army came under an avalanche in the southern area of Siachen glacier yesterday (Friday),” Udhampur-based defence spokesman Colonel S D Goswami said on Saturday.	SADNESS	0.6
Among those killed was six-year-old school boy who lost consciousness on his way back from a field trip.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Navy teams had tried to mount rescue operations thrice in the past two days for evacuating the tourists, but extreme weather conditions proved to be abottleneck.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
He said since May 29, when the southwest monsoon set in over Kerala, 385 persons have lost their lives.	SADNESS	0.8
Nine of the coaches which were not damaged in the blast took the injured and the other passengers to Kharagpur where they were admitted to hospital.	SADNESS	0.6
He said since May 29, when the southwest monsoon set in over Kerala, 385 persons have lost their lives.	SADNESS	0.8
They added these conditions are likely to continue in the state for the next 48 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kargil town in Ladakh region continued to shiver as the minimum recorded temperature was minus 20 degrees Celsius, same as the previous night.	SURPRISE	1.0
Once that is done, the airport operator will have to make all runway lights functional, and clean up the place,” Airports Authority of India (AAI) chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Our demand is also the same.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOCHI: Malayalis across the globe are getting together to collect money to rebuild home state, with many cancelling Onam celebrations abroad.	OPTIMISM	0.3
#UPDATE The fire which had broken out in the basement of Ashoka Hotel in Chanakyapuri is under control.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Metro TV played amateur footage that showed large pools of water remaining from the tsunami, a bridge that had been washed away, large cracks in roads and buildings badly damaged.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
After making the landfall, Cyclone Daye weakened into a deep depression and lied over south interior Odisha, said Met centre in Bhubaneswar on Friday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
August rainfall in the state so far has been 2.5 times the normal for the period, with Idukki district breaking a 111-year record for highest rainfall in the month.	SADNESS	0.3
“A patrol party of the Army came under an avalanche in the southern area of Siachen glacier yesterday (Friday),” Udhampur-based defence spokesman Colonel S D Goswami said on Saturday.	SADNESS	0.6
We were coming back on Friday but snowfall trapped us on Rohtang Pass and we were stranded."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
* All offices, educational institutions will remain shut on Saturday as Punjab has declared one-day mourning in view of the tragedy.	SADNESS	1.0
Earlier, M C Chauhan, General Manager of NCR has said that at least 50 people were injured in the accident.	SADNESS	0.6
CM Pinarayi Vijayan spoke to PM Modi and other central leaders again on Thursday to request more help.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The entire property was gutted and items worth lakhs, destroyed.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Nagpur: The 46 passengers in AC II-tier (A2) coach of 15015 Gorakhpur-Yeshvantpur Express had a miraculous escape when a wheel of the bogey broke into pieces while the train was running at over 100 kmph between Sonkhamb and Kohli stations, around 30 minutes away from Nagpur, on Tuesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
North-coastal Andhra Pradesh remained on edge as Cyclone Daye made landfall in south Odisha, prompting the IMD to issue red alert for coastal districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Despite adverse climatic conditions, the Navy airlifted the injured man ashore.	SADNESS	1.0
The posters read, "We earlier demanded withdrawal of the joint security forces from Jangalmahal (West Midnapore, Bankura and Purulia) and end of CPM atrocities, but those demands were not met."	ANGER	0.6
Railways also claimed that there were no injuries reported.	JOY	0.3
Wednesday’s heat left the Ahmedabad reeling, with the mercury touching 44.6°C, the highest temperature this season.	SURPRISE	1.0
Officials said 134 bridges and 16,000 km of Public Works Department roads and 82,000 kms of local roads were completely destroyed, causing a total loss of Rs 21,000 crore.	SURPRISE	0.9
VISAKHAPATNAM: A deep depression in the west-central Bay of Bengal intensified into a cyclonic storm, Daye, on Thursday night.	SURPRISE	1.0
The toy train is operated by the Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) on contract in public-private partnership mode.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Deputy commissioner Khalid Jehangir said the passengers were on their way from Kupwara to Karnah in a cab when their vehicle was struck by the avalanche around 4pm.	SURPRISE	1.0
The fire activated the car's central-locking system, trapping the occupants inside, police added.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A few hours after landfall, the eye of the typhoon was nearing the western coast of Luzon facing the South China Sea.	SURPRISE	1.0
Then, on August 16, the state was pounded with 137mm of rain, more than 10 times the normal for the day.	SURPRISE	0.8
"There is about 47% probability of maximum temperatures in the core HW (heatwave) zone during the 2017 pre-monsoon season to be above normal," it had said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kerala Water Authority and Kerala State Electricity Board were trying to restore water and power supply in vast areas that are without power and tap water for the last several days.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Western parts of the country are still recovering from the most powerful typhoon to strike Japan in a quarter of a century, which claimed 11 lives and shut down the main regional airport.	SADNESS	1.0
Talking to TOI, Harmeet Kaur from US Nagar, whose child is admitted to the district hospital, said, “The situation is such that doctors are asking two children to share one bed.	SURPRISE	1.0
Several trains like the Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express, Purushottam Express and Nilanchal Express, apart from several intercity ones pass this route everyday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesia sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire and is regularly hit by earthquakes.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Gas cutters are being used to cut the mangled coaches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
For instance, New Delhi’s temperature on Friday was 36.2°C, while Shivajinagar in Pune touched 38.6°C and Lohegaon recorded 40.1°C.	SURPRISE	1.0
While the railway authorities are yet to confirm the number of injured persons, they said the passenger train (number 78408) hit the good train (BCN-DANKUNI) from behind.	SURPRISE	0.4
The Porbandar-Rajkot-Hapa train was terminated at Hapa.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Freezing chill also swept Narnaul in Haryana, which recorded a low of 1.5 degree Celsius, down four notches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It's a small incident but doing rounds on the social media.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Former chief minister Omar Abdullah wrote on Twitter, “Very unfortunate.	SADNESS	1.0
DCP (north) Nupur Prasad said that they have registered a case under Section 304 (a) of the IPC against the owner and are investigating into the matter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Live updates: Death toll since Aug 8 reaches 164	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
WASHINGTON: A superpower’s capital city that was brought to its knees with just an inch of snow midweek is gearing up for what meteorologists are predicting will be a epic winter storm that is expected to dump some 30 inches of snow in parts of the US northeast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Many persons, including women, children and the elderly trapped in places inaccessible by boats were winched up by defence helicopters and shifted to safety.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Relief material, including provisions, water and fuel have started arriving at the Kochi port from different parts of the country, official sources said.	OPTIMISM	0.9
The minimum temperature was recorded at 26.5 degrees Celsius, normal for this time of the year, and humidity oscillated between 53 and 23 per cent, a Met Department official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The city's observatory warned that Mangkhut would pass 100 kilometres south of Hong Kong at around midday (0400 GMT) local time as it raised the storm alert to its highest level.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Police and the villagers felt that he died in the severe cold.	SADNESS	1.0
There would be rain and snow over western Himalayan region on Wednesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Bhagalpur: 06412-4222433	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Kolkata, state home secretary Samar Ghosh said the state government was not deploying any agency for the investigation of the accident, and it would be done by the railways.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sources said the five-year-old building did not have the occupation certificate (OC) from BMC and its firefighting system was not working.	SURPRISE	0.9
It is believed that stones kept on the track led to the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Victims who were rescued late night on Friday were provided with meals and shelter by dhaba operators at Marhi.	JOY	1.0
The weatherman has predicted heavy rains in various places of Kerala till August 20.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Unsung heroes bring smiles to stranded in rain-ravaged KeralaBraving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	SURPRISE	0.9
Live updates: Fire at Mumbai's Kamala Mills	SURPRISE	1.0
The CM announced Rs 60 each for elderly people and Rs 45 for children below 12 years for the next seven days.	SURPRISE	1.0
It departed from the station at 10.15am, officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
WASHINGTON: A life-threatening blizzard expected to dump a record 30 inches of snow on the US capital slammed the East Coast, leaving at least eight persons dead nationwide and causing 10 states to declare a state of emergency.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It broke ou… https://t.co/7JtJt5mWN3— ANI (@ANI) 1534156489000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Identified as Satnam Singh, a Sikh jawan from Punjab, was entering the tunnel with two other local persons from Lahaul to reach Manali when an avalanche hit the area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: At least seven people, including three women, are feared dead in North Kashmir's Kupwara district after the vehicle they were travelling in was buried by an avalanche on Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The fire was doused at 3.15pm, the officer added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several areas of Malkangiri district including Korukonda, MV-37, MV-3, MV-50, Poteru, Kankarkonda and Padia villages in Kalimela block have been marooned in floodwater.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to Indonesia's geological agency, Anak Krakatoa had been showing signs of heightened activity for days, spewing plumes of ash thousands of metres into the air.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
AMC Commissioner Vijay Nehra said two blocks of the building of the government colony, each having around 150 residents, collapsed completely.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A series of smaller shocks, including one with a magnitude of 5.4, followed the initial quake, the Meteorological Agency said.	SURPRISE	1.0
“The Jammu-Srinagar highway that links the rest of India with Kashmir was closed for vehicular traffic as a precautionary measure, following heavy snowfall at both sides of the Jawahar Tunnel, Banihal, Patnitop and Ramban, and landslides triggered at Pathiyal on Tuesday morning,” said Ramban SSP Mohan Lal.	SURPRISE	0.9
My husband was the sole earning member of the family and my three children study in college.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earthquake possibly felt 2 min ago in #National Capital Territory of Delhi #India.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Sources from Skymet Weather Services said while heatwave conditions are continuing in most parts of Vidarbha, most of the other parts of the state, such as Marathwada and Madhya Maharashtra, are experiencing hot weather conditions.	SADNESS	1.0
"The same train will bring the passengers to Guwahati, and then will move to Silchar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire engines are doing their best to minimise the damage," said Faizan Mubarak, an eyewitness.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials said it was fortunate the train ran without mishap with the broken wheel.In	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Under its influence, heavy rain is likely to occur in many districts - Gajapati, Ganjam, Puri, Khurda, Nayagarh, Balasore, Cuttack, Rayagada, Kalahandi, Kandhamal, Nabarangpur and Balangir - in the next 48 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Follwing the PM’s announcement of relief, Vijayan, tweeted, "As per the initial estimate, the state has suffered a loss of Rs 19,512 crore.	SURPRISE	0.7
As water level has receded, people have started returning home.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Over 54,000 people were rescued in Ernakulam district, mainly in Paravur and Aluva taluks which had witnessed heavy rains and severe water logging in the past two days.	SADNESS	0.6
Some passengers have received Injuries and have been shifted to nearby hospitals.I	SADNESS	0.7
"The location of both systems was such that high-speed monsoon winds rushed into Kerala and hit the Western Ghats, causing heavy rains in the region," Mohapatra said.	SURPRISE	0.4
Over a hundred people have been injured in the quake which has left a trail of devastation in Sikkim, causing hindrances in relief work because of landslides and road blockades, they said.	SADNESS	1.0
About 15 response teams of the border guarding force are also running shelters, food camps and medical assistance facilities or the affected people, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The Cyclone 'Mora' made a landfall in Bangladesh yesterday killing at least six persons and damaging houses in the neighbouring country.	SADNESS	1.0
In order to facilitate speedy issue of 80(G) Income Tax receipts, donors should provide the transaction details of donations deposited directly in any of the PMNRF collection banks along with the address of the donor through e-mail at pmnrf@gov.in	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Kullu district, snowfall has not only blocked traffic along Manali-Keylong highway following the closure of Rohtang pass, but it has also blocked traffic along Aut-Luhri-Sainj road (NH-305) due to snowfall at Jalori Pass.	SURPRISE	1.0
Anchorage lawyer Justin Capp says he was getting ready for work when he felt the shaking start.	SURPRISE	0.8
He has said the Army has conveyed its views to the government which has to take a final decision in that regard.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"She was perhaps trying to go to the terrace, but the door was locked.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, it made up for the delay towars the end of its closing stages, pushing the cumulative rain in Jharkhand in the monsoon months (June 1 to September 30) to recorded at 978.8mm, 10% less than the normal average of 1,092mm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There were no reports of any damage due to the earthquake, officials said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
“Since the fire was on the centre of the reservoir, we could not take the fire tender beyond certain distance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“It has come to the notice of the government that in utter violation of the above direction of the state government, your school continues to hold classes.	SURPRISE	0.7
Meanwhile, in Bathinda, nearly 900 persons lost their lives after being run over by trains in the jurisdiction of Bathinda government railway police (GRP) police station, largest in South Malwa region, over the last five years.	SADNESS	1.0
India has deployed its troops in Siachen for close to 30 years now and has lost more people to the weather and terrain than to enemy bullets.	SADNESS	1.0
But Kerala government helped us with water and food.	OPTIMISM	0.4
"We hope the airport can be reopened soon for flights carrying disaster relief and aid," said Yohannes Sirait of AirNav, the air traffic management agency.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Paediatric wards in government hospitals across the state, including the Government Doon Medical College and Hospital (GDMCH), are struggling to accommodate children affected due to the soaring temperatures.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
An earthquake measuring 7.3 on the Richter scale has jolted Venezuela's northeast coast, with no immediate reports of casualties.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The rainfall in six out of the state's 14 districts was more than 10 times the normal on Thursday.	OPTIMISM	0.4
“Warm easterly winds are currently prevailing over southern Maharashtra, while the anticyclone has resulted in clear skies, which is causing the day temperature to shoot up.	SURPRISE	0.3
Helplines have been set up at Kharagpur -- (0322) 255751 and 255735, Howrah - (033) 26382217, besides a toll free number 10722.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The brakes were absolutely in order.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In March 2017, a 22-year-old man was burnt alive and two of his friends received burn injuries, when the car they were travelling in, collided with a mini-truck on the Sohna-Faridabad road and caught fire.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“We were informed at 8.07am about the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Over 12,000 litres of drinking water has also been dispatched to the affected areas in the next phase of bringing back and putting together the lives of the displaced is a concern.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, the meteorologist at the GB Pant University in Pantnagar, RK Singh said that the minimum temperature recorded on Wednesday was 4.8 degrees Celsius and a respite from current weather conditions is unlikely in the next few days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Asked about the intensity and other physical parameters of the cyclone from its formation till the end, he said a report on this was expected soon.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It caters to around 48,500 acres of arable land in both Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On August 2, four coaches of the Delhi-Lucknow Shatabdi Express split away from the train	SURPRISE	0.4
However, the consignor or consignee must be the district authority, the directive said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Indonesian authorities initially claimed the wave was not a tsunami, but instead a tidal surge and urged the public not to panic.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rainfall over Kerala should decrease tomorrow, although some areas are still likely to get heavy showers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The storm also broke windows, felled trees, tore bamboo scaffolding off buildings under construction and flooded areas with sometimes waist-high waters, according to the South China Morning Post.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Earthquakes flattened parts of the island of Lombok in July and August, and a double quake-and-tsunami killed more than 2,000 people on a remote part of Sulawesi island in September.	SURPRISE	1.0
Japan is situated on the "Ring of Fire" arc of volcanoes and oceanic trenches that partly encircles the Pacific Basin and accounts for about 20 percent of the world's earthquakes of magnitude 6 or greater.	SURPRISE	1.0
BEIJING: At least 18 people were killed in a fire at a resort hotel in China's northeastern city of Harbin early Saturday, state media and an official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Gas cutters were brought from a local factory to rip through the mangled mass of steel and reach the injured.	SURPRISE	1.0
President Joko Widodo, who is running for re-election in April, said on Twitter that he had "ordered all relevant government agencies to immediately take emergency response steps, find victims and care for the injured".	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A number of temples and other places of worship, including gurdwaras, in the region have opened up to shelter people.	JOY	0.2
This team has been provided necessary equipment and vehicles to even reach the remote corners of the district under the directions of the local administration, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Relative humidity, hovered, close to 65% in Jamshedpur.	SURPRISE	1.0
However, Samastipur DRM Arun Mallik and other senior officials of the division were already camping at the site and supervising the rescue and relief works, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier, a charred body of an unidentified person was found in a car in Sector 59 on March 12.	SADNESS	1.0
Both tracks are blocked as two coaches of the passenger train derailed, an ECoR official said.	SURPRISE	0.6
No damage to life or property has been reported.	OPTIMISM	0.7
NEW DELHI: Heat wave-related deaths in the country have fallen from over 2,000 recorded in 2015 to 220 in 2017 due to timely dissemination of information and better awareness, a member of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) claimed on Thursday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Like its better known neighbor Bali, Lombok is home to beaches and mountains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earlier, advocate Manoj George had contended release of water from the dam “at the whims and fancies of Tamil Nadu for extraneous reasons” is a threat to the life of people living downstream.	SADNESS	0.4
Other family members were not willing to speak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Peermade weather station in Idukki broke over 100 years of records for 24-hour rainfall.	SURPRISE	0.6
The train was coming from Jalandhar to Amritsar when the incident occurred at Joda Phatak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tourists had a tough time reaching Shimla as the city received 16cm snow till Saturday noon.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Many had to be evacuated after flood water entered hospitals.	SURPRISE	0.5
Two fire tenders were put in place to douse the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kerala has 15 taluks under zone-I, two in zone-II and eight within Zone-III.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Heat wave conditions have abated in parts of Rajasthan where pre-monsoon showers brought down day temperatures by a few degrees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Within four hours of the earthquake that struck Nepal, IAF swung into action and routed one C-130J aircraft, two C-17 and one IL-76, airlifting 295 NDRF personnel, 46.5 tonnes of load and five sniffer dogs.	SURPRISE	1.0
The truck was badly damaged and aluminium ingots piled up on the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
R K Sinha, meteorologist at GB Pant University in US Nagar district, said, “Mercury has crossed the 42oC mark in Terai for the first time this season on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Anil Saxena, railway PRO, said that three coaches of Hampi Express have been damaged.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
"A permanent way inspector also called a senior section officer, Rajesh Verma, who was in-charge of Manikpur has been suspended over the incident pending investigation", railway spokesperson Anil Saxena said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“We are unable to stay indoors or go out.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We are calling for the utmost calm and patience," Reverol said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hundreds died in Nias Island, off the coast of Sumatra.	SADNESS	1.0
"I have given orders to the Maharashtra Maritime Board and collector, Sindhudurg district to make all arrangements for the stranded fishermen," Fadnavis said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
This year again we can expect a very good production,” he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There were no reports of any damage due to the earthquake, officials said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Authorities said the quake may have caused some damage.	SADNESS	0.6
SER adopted a three pronged approach to tackle the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the hills, mercury touched 29 degree Celsius in Nainital and maximum temperature in Almora also closed 35 degree Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state has got 771mm rainfall from August 1 to 20 this year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The train was later stopped at Raya station and at Mathura Cantt station, the damaged engine was replaced to continue the further journey,” said Rajendra Singh, public relation officer of Izzatnagar division of North Eastern Railway.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOCHI: A youngman was killed when an Indian merchant vessel, MV Nalini, caught fire 14.5 nautical miles southwest off Kochi on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to fire department sources, short circuit was the reason for the mishap.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He was dug out of snow after 1.5 hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
The message further read that our grievances had been forwarded to district magistrate but no administrative official has contacted us so far.”	SURPRISE	0.3
Several trains were either cancelled or rescheduled, sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Kolkata, state home secretary Samar Ghosh said the state government was not deploying any agency for the investigation of the accident, and it would be done by the railways.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The two have been in regular touch for the last two days.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
2006: A 6.8 magnitude quake hit south of Java, Indonesia's most populated island, triggering a tsunami that smashed into the southern coast, killing nearly 700 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The death toll from a powerful earthquake that triggered massive landslides in northern Japan rose to 44 on Monday with tens of thousands of police and troops still on the ground to support survivors.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
PM Narendra Modi will visit Kerala on Friday evening and make an aerial survey of affected areas the next day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Sunday morning, Vellakoil fire and rescue service team received information about the fire accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The gambling enclave of Macau closed casinos for the first time and the Hong Kong Observatory warned people to stay away from the Victoria Harbour landmark, where storm surges battered the sandbag-reinforced waterfront.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
State relief department officials said people are advised not to venture out in the sun between 11am and 5pm.	SURPRISE	1.0
P S Rawat, paediatrician at GDMCH, said, “Children are more vulnerable to diseases during summer season.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We arrived at 9pm for our holiday and suddenly the water came -- it went dark, the electricity is off," the 15-year-old told AFP.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The city has got only one spell of rain till now.	SADNESS	1.0
However, excess water from the Pandoh dam in Mandi district was released at 11 am on Tuesday, a Central Water Commission official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The warning means tsunami waves were expected.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Condolences to the bereaved families and wishing the injured an early recovery.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The Met office on Tuesday also issued an ‘orange colour’ alert of severe heat wave conditions in some parts of hills.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Unlike those caused by earthquakes, which usually trigger alert systems, volcano-triggered tsunamis give authorities very little time to warn residents of the impending threat.	DISGUST	0.7
SRINAGAR: A passenger vehicle was hit by a huge avalanche of snow on the Kupwara-Tangdhar road in Jammu and Kashmir on Friday, which left at least seven people trapped.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The soldiers were hit as they patrolled a glacier at an altitude of 5,800 metres (19,000 feet), Colonel S D Goswami said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
More than 50 people were hospitalised, out of whom 12 were being treated for injuries that were not life-threatening	SURPRISE	1.0
“We have issued heatwave alert in most districts of the state for the next 48 hours.	SURPRISE	0.6
"Electricity supply has been restored in many places in Ganjam, one of the worst-affected districts in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.8
He said Kargil remained the coldest place in the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Renowned tourist destination Munnar remained submerged for the third day, while Sabarimala was cut off with the Pamba river in spate.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Wednesday, Palam, at 45.2 degree Celsius or five notches above the season's average, was the warmest region across the National Capital.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
“When our volunteers began offering help, we united them through the Facebook page titled KeralaFloods2018 and soon, the membership crossed 12,000 from all over the world,” Prasanth said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The valley received more snowfall coupled with heavy rain on Tuesday, forcing shut the Srinagar-Jammu highway for the second consecutive day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Over 80,000 persons, stranded in various places, were rescued today, of whom 71,000 were from one of the worst affected Aluva region of Ernakulam district.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The fire brigade was informed which arrived in a few minutes.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Some people are starving."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Eight fire fighting engines, a water tanker and five ambulances were rushed to the spot, he said, adding that efforts were on to douse the blaze, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The mercury in both Ahmednagar and Malegaon settled more than 4° celsius above normal at 43.8° celsius and 44.6° celsius respectively.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Rescue operation for the remaining three soldiers is in progress.	SADNESS	0.8
Video footage shared on social media showed partygoers enjoying the music and then screaming as the waves crashed into the stage and band members were swept away.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In the third derailment, a locomotive returning to Bareilly from Aonla station derailed in Bisaratganj on Monday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He was comparing annual rain fall with that of a seasonal one’’, the CM told reporters here on Wednesday evening.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They also disconnected the building's power and water supply.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
* Punjab minister Navjot Singh Sidhu, who visited the Civil Hospital on Saturday morning, said, "It is a sad and an unfortunate incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There will also be a storm surge of about 0.5 m above astronomical tides and it is likely to inundate low-lying areas of Vizianagaram, Srikakulam districts in Andhra Pradesh and Gajapati, Ganjam, Khurda and Puri districts in Odisha at the time of landfall, it said.	SURPRISE	1.0
After ascertaining his position under snow, we had to remove quintals of snow to reach him.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Piercing cold wave conditions continued unabated across north India today with the mercury dipping substantially in Haryana, where two persons died of cold, even as thick cover of fog severely affected road and rail traffic.	SURPRISE	1.0
The readings here have been higher than even in New Delhi and several spots in northwest India, which are traditionally known to be hotter than Maharashtra.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A ECoR report said the Puri-Durg Express will now be diverted via Barang-Naraj towards Dhenkanal, instead of Cuttack.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINIGAR: A soldier is missing and another is in critical condition after an Army patrol party was hit by an avalanche in Leh's Turtuk on Friday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
Actor Deepika Padukone, who owns an apartment in the building, has tweeted about her well-being.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The derailment occurred at 0805 hours between Uppalavai-Sirnapalli stations on the Secunderabad-Mudkhed section of the South Central Railway, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Madan, who has been selling tea on the platforms for more than 25 years and has seen thousands of trains enter and leave the station, realized something was horribly wrong.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: At least 10 people were killed and several others were injured in incidents of lightning strike in West Bengal with heavy monsoon rain triggering floods in Mizoram, even as heat wave conditions prevailed in north India.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We will hand over the money to an acquaintance from Kerala who runs a trust in Pune,” said Ayub Shikilkar, a trustee of the Muslim Samaj Trust-run Talegaon station mosque.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sethi, however, said the situation has "considerably improved in Ganjam and Gajapati districts, with water receding from low-lying areas and roads being cleared of tree trunks and electric poles".	OPTIMISM	0.5
The depleting water level in the region will also affect farming activities.”	SADNESS	1.0
Both figures are "the worst-ever for any week during summer" since the agency began recording fatalities resulting from heat stroke in July 2008, an agency spokesman told AFP.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said these teams were using modern equipment for the rescue operation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
After ascertaining his position under snow, we had to remove quintals of snow to reach him.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The advisory, issued by the Chandigarh-based Snow and Avalanche Study Establishment that comes under the ministry of defence, will remain effective for 24 hours beginning 5pm Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
New Delhi, Aug 22 () All donations to the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund and the Kerala Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund are tax-free, while contributions to NGOs meant for Kerala flood victims will get 50 per cent income tax rebate.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Rajender and the other man were inside the godown resting while some other employees were welding some parts.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
We will assess the situation and come out with a forecast after that.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Monday, the city of Kumagaya in Saitama outside Tokyo set a new national heat record, with temperatures hitting 41.1 Celsius (106 degrees Fahrenheit).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Havelock and Neil, almost 40km from Port Blair, are among the most popular tourist spots in the Andamans.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A stone and marks made by it on the track were found at the spot where the derailment took place.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The entire stairway was full of black smoke and it was getting impossible to breathe.	SADNESS	1.0
Several buildings in Manipur secretariat and the landmark Ima market in Imphal had developed cracks, while some school structures collapsed.	SADNESS	1.0
In the wake of heatwave alert Odisha government has extended summer holidays by three more days and schools will reopen on June 21 instead of June 18.	SURPRISE	0.5
JAKARTA: A tsunami killed at least 62 people on the Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra and injured hundreds following an underwater landslide caused by a volcanic eruption on Saturday, the disaster mitigation agency said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A moderate intensity Earthquake shook parts of Jammu and Kashmir Wednesday morning and another rocked West Bengal, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A purported footage of the flames at the station went viral on social media.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: A fire broke out in the basement of The Ashok Hotel at Chanakyapuri on Monday, said a senior officer from the Delhi Fire Service.	SURPRISE	1.0
Nearly a dozen empty wagons were thrown off the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, in comparison to the Gangetic plains of UP, the temperatures were higher in hill stations like Shimla and Dehradun.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The West Bengal home secretary said that the over 200 injured have been shifted to different hospitals and the condition of some of them is critical.	SADNESS	0.7
CHANDIGARH: This is one warmth that has thawed the chill generated along the eastern coast of North America by blizzard Nemo.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They also said that more rains are likely from May 30.	JOY	1.0
The US Geological Survey said the magnitude 7.0 quake struck early Sunday evening at a depth of 10.5 kilometers (6 miles).	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
https://t.co/RYNcftgtaR— ANI (@ANI) 1536729883000 Earlier, a moderate intensity quake of of magnitude 4.6 shook Jammu and Kashmir at around 5:15 in the morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Similar conditions are expected to continue to till the second week of June.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I pray that those injured recover quickly," he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
I am personally monitoring situation, rescue operations 2/— Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 1503448275000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Apart from the food, we are also putting together medicines and clothes for those in need."	OPTIMISM	1.0
Meanwhile, two groups of Muslim men had no hesitation in cleaning Hindu shrines in Wayanad and Malappuram districts.	JOY	0.4
The statement said, telecom services are fully operational and a senior official from BSNL has reached Imphal to take stock of partial damage to the state-run operator's building and to advise on steps that need to be taken to ensure safety and continuity of the telecom services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"These fishermen from near Calicut, Kerala were caught in CycloneOckhi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Power supply has been restored in the affected areas except in some parts of Senapati and Tamenglong districts.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Small aircraft are being operated from the naval airport.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state government has also decided to distribute cleaning kits to them, Vijayan said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to private weather forecasting agency Skymet, Delhi was expected to receive light rains and thunderstorm towards Wednesday evening but the weather system shifted towards Jaipur and adjoining areas of Rajasthan bringing much needed respite there.	SURPRISE	1.0
Fire services teams were asked to be on alert to respond at short notice of the district administration, it added.	OPTIMISM	0.3
It may rain on Thursday.	JOY	0.9
The volunteers channelized the data to the district control rooms from where the government machinery was attending to distress calls.	SURPRISE	0.5
State capital Ranchi recorded a minimum of 4.5 degrees c, while mercury plunged by few notches in other parts of the state as well, reports said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There are 1,700 illegal granitecrushing units in Kerala.	SURPRISE	0.4
The lush countryside of northern Lombok is pockmarked with collapsed homes and shops and damaged mosques.	SADNESS	1.0
Despite the fact that the city received ample sunshine both on Wednesday and Thursday, the maximum temperature further came down by around 2 degrees, while the minimum remained almost constant.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Speaking on this initiative, M K Anand, MD &amp; CEO, Times Network said "through this initiative, we aim to offer a nationwide reach to a pained plea to all Indians to step forward and donate to this task of relief and rehabilitation."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.3
Several trains coming from Lucknow, including Rajya Rani Express, Punjab Mail Express, Kisan Express and Jan Nayak Express, were stuck for hours on the route due to derailment of Triveni Express.	SADNESS	0.3
More than 200 members volunteered to be physically present on the field at each district call centre where the information they received was passed on to the government authorities on a real-time basis.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cyclone hit the islands near the Mayabandar between 12.30-1.30pm.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
As water level has receded, people have started returning home.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, the consignor or consignee must be the district authority, the directive said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The destruction mainly occurred between the military buoys at the Sandheads and the mouth of the Subarnarekha river."It	SADNESS	1.0
Indian Air Force (IAF) helicopters were pressed into service at the accident spot to airlift some of the injured to the hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
"You're safe, mister," said one of the soldiers as emotion overcame the man, clad in Islamic robes, and villagers crowded around him.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
GUWAHATI: An earthquake measuring 5.1 on the Richter scale today rocked Assam, according to the Regional Seismological Centre.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
"We discussed the flood situation across the state and reviewed rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
What has puzzled the probe team led by Eastern Railway safety commissioner Arti Yadav is why the drivers of Uttar Banga Express failed to stop at the signal before the station and why it came in at such a high speed when it was scheduled to halt there.	SURPRISE	0.7
It's moving towards west, north-west.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The special relief commissioner's office said in Puri, makeshift shops had been removed from the beach and tourists had been asked to vacate the areas close to the sea.	SURPRISE	0.9
Dr Thakor, who carries a flask of glucose and lime water with him to work, said that it is advisable to keep vehicle window glasses slightly open to keep heat from being trapped.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Andhra Pradesh on high alert	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“The goods train was empty and headed towards the Tata Steel Plant to pick up finished steel.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Gujarat Chief minister Vijay Rupani directed the district collector to take the services of the NDRF to evacuate the trapped people, a government official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: The Kochi Airport is now expected to reopen next Wednesday (August 29) and not this Sunday (August 26) due to extensive damage caused by the flooding in the area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Cyclone Ockhi left a trail of destruction in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu, apart from devastating coastal areas in Kerala and Lakshadweep.	SADNESS	1.0
Shirke, said her niece Seema Nanderkar, was found dead on the 16th floor.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The system will pass close to Gopalpur," HR Biswas, director of Metereological Centre, Bhubaneswar, told PTI.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pahalgam, also in south Kashmir, recorded rainfall of 64.2 mm of rains since yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The West Bengal home secretary said that the over 200 injured have been shifted to different hospitals and the condition of some of them is critical.	SADNESS	0.7
Himachal Pradesh also recorded heavy snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Summer is barely here and heatwave conditions are forecast to grip northern and central India with late-March temperatures poised to rise to 40 degree Celsius in several regions, weather scientists said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
This, it added, was essentially due to advance warnings issued in the form of summer temperature outlook and update of heatwave hotspots on weekly basis, and prompt response action by state governments to minimise the public exposure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescue operation was launched on Friday noon with the help of local villagers from Palchan panchayat, administration, police, BRO jawans and Atal Bihari Vajpayee Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At least 19 people were missing and 120 people were injured in Hokkaido after the magnitude 6.7 quake, it said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Both drivers were found in their seats," said Railway Board chairman Vivek Sahay.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It's a small incident but doing rounds on the social media.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rijiju said 2,040 people died due to heat wave in 2015, as many as 1,114 in 2016 and 384 in 2017.	SADNESS	1.0
Several trains like the Bhubaneswar Rajdhani Express, Purushottam Express and Nilanchal Express, apart from several intercity ones pass this route everyday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He had contested previous municipal election from Adarsh Nagar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tuesday rains covered Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: The cold wave intensified in Kashmir with the mercury staying several degrees below the freezing point in most parts of the Valley as a Met department forecast said dry weather was likely to continue this week.	SURPRISE	0.9
Due to fog, visibility will sometimes be less than 10m, resulting in road mishaps.	SURPRISE	0.9
There was hardly any let up on Friday either, with the state getting more than five times its normal rain.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The signal was still red.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The 10-member delegation, which includes Uttar Pradesh deputy chief minister Dinesh Sharma, was among others who were rushed out in their night clothes from Amba Hotel in Charing Cross area of London at around 2am local time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Unprepared and underprepared:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In some parts of Kashmir, including Gulmarg and Pahalgam, minimum temperatures dropped further with the region recording light snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Border Roads Organisation (BRO) has cleared a 6-km stretch of Keylong-Stingri road and work is on to clear other roads of debris from landslides.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The fire broke out at the Beilong Hot Spring Hotel in Harbin's Sun Island resort area, according to an employee of the city emergency office who would give only his surname, Wang.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Washington DC is shutting down metro and bus services for the weekend, and airlines are cancelling some 4,000 flights from several east coast airports amid forecast of blizzards and wind gusts reaching up to 73kmph.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A three-member team from Power Grid Corporation is in Manipur to assist in restoring power supply.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
2009: A 7.6 magnitude quake struck near the city of Padang, capital of West Sumatra province.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As petrified passengers rushed out of the train which stopped with a massive jerk, some of them also sustained injuries.	SADNESS	0.7
The area was hit earlier Friday by a magnitude 6.1 earthquake that killed one person, injured 10 and damaged dozens of houses.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Of the 251 talukas in state, 70 have not yet got any rain.	SURPRISE	1.0
READ ALSO: Selfie in front of running train costs three college-goers their life “We immediately summoned two 140-tonne cranes from Chakradharpur and Bokaro.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We're forced to deal with broken bones in the traditional way at home because the hospital had to deal with hundreds of other injuries," said Budhiawan, the village head.	SURPRISE	1.0
SRINAGAR/JAMMU: Three jawans and an army porter were killed, while two soldiers went missing in separate avalanches that hit north Kashmir’s Kupwara and Bandipora districts in the past 24 hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
The 22 deaths reported during the day were in Ernakulam, Thrissur, Idukki, Pathanamthitta and Chengannur districts.	SADNESS	0.6
BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government today extended the summer vacation in schools by three more days owing to the intense heat, an education department official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The statement said, telecom services are fully operational and a senior official from BSNL has reached Imphal to take stock of partial damage to the state-run operator's building and to advise on steps that need to be taken to ensure safety and continuity of the telecom services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Thursday, Palam at 44.1 degrees, four notches above the season's average, was the warmest place in Delhi, causing heat waves with inductive effect on the rest of the region.	SADNESS	1.0
The sixth floor houses the office of the directorate of enforcement, ministry of finance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With flood waters receding from most of the places, the Kerala government has taken up the massive task of cleaning houses and public places filled with slush left behind by the massive deluge that claimed 231 lives, besides causing large-scale destruction.	SADNESS	0.8
Here is a timeline: On February 20, Two coaches of Delhi-bound Kalindi Express derailed at Tundla after it collided with a goods train	SURPRISE	0.5
It was the second powerful quake to strike the area on Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
This year's flood in Kerala has been termed as the worst since 1924.	SURPRISE	0.7
Japan's summers are notoriously hot and humid, and hundreds of people die each year from heatstroke, particularly the elderly in the country's ageing society.	SADNESS	1.0
Five trains including Howrah-New Delhi Rajdhani have been diverted and seven trains including Kanpur-New Delhi Shatabdi express have been cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"At first people were surprised, even suspicious, but later much relieved.	SURPRISE	1.0
NDRF teams have been able to rescue 11 persons out of 16 persons rescued altogether.	OPTIMISM	1.0
All the 125 resorts and hotels at Havelock and an estimated 60 in Neil are full to capacity.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The IMD has predicted heatwave conditions for Haryana, Chandigarh and West Rajasthan from Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"This situation needs to be handled very seriously and emergency treatment has to be provided with immediate effect.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
"We believe that the entire state, except some western parts, is likely to receive rain throughout the day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is for the first time that train has been used to send relief to Nepal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In addition, a WhatsApp group of naval officers’ wives also volunteered in who got in touch with the Navy officers on the mission to reach out to places which were very difficult to reach otherwise.	OPTIMISM	0.4
“When our volunteers began offering help, we united them through the Facebook page titled KeralaFloods2018 and soon, the membership crossed 12,000 from all over the world,” Prasanth said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Water levels in several parts of Pathanamthitta, Ernakulam and Thrissur districts rose to as high as 20 feet, turning streets into deep lakes.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The teams have been equipped for assisting the state government authorities in launching quick relief, rescue, medical aid and food distribution tasks in both daytime and at night," NDRF director general Sanjay Kumar told PTI.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Relative humidity, hovered, close to 65% in Jamshedpur.	SURPRISE	1.0
A 'medium danger' avalanche warning is issued for avalanche prone areas situated at an altitude of above 3,000 metres.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Video footage posted to social media by Nugroho showed panicked residents clutching flashlights and fleeing for higher ground.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Out in the strait, Anak Krakatau (Child of Krakatau) was still erupting and authorities imposed a 2-km exclusion zone around it	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
More than 1,100 people were killed.	SADNESS	1.0
This disaster took place because of foreseeable and preventable reasons,'' the statement said.	SURPRISE	0.4
On receiving information about the mishap, senior officials rushed to the accident site which comes under Acchalda police station, around 180 kilometres from Lucknow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
And there were reports that Bageshwar had broken a 46 year-record.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: The national capital saw another scorching day on Wednesday with maximum temperature reaching 43 degree Celsius, three notches above the season's average, and is, along with north, central and east India, set to face a heat waves all this week.	SURPRISE	1.0
Daltonganj recorded 42° Celsius, five notches above normal daytime average.	SURPRISE	1.0
Rescuers were hampered by rain and mud, and the search and rescue operation was suspended at nightfall and will resume at daybreak Monday, Palangdan said.	SADNESS	0.4
Meanwhile, the SC had directed the disaster management sub-committee of Mullaperiyar dam to consider reducing water level to 139ft from 142ft.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I am personally monitoring situation, rescue operations 2/— Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 1503448275000Some passengers have received Injuries and have been shifted to nearby hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
"A cyclonic circulation along with western disturbance might have effects over Jammu and Kashmir towards May 29, so temperatures may fall in Delhi but warming will still be there," Srivastava added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Kerala Water Authority has taken steps to supply drinking water in affected areas, Water Resources Minister Mathew T Thomas said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The schools were initially scheduled to reopen on June 18.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nearly three dozen people were rescued from the building.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In the last 10 years, the day temperature here has breached the 41° celsius-mark in May only on four occasions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The mercury is rising in both hills and plains of Uttarakhand. In most places, maximum temperature is settling over five to six notches above normal, which is conducive for forest fires,” he said	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The government had in March last year informed the Lok Sabha that there were fewer deaths in 2016 despite the severity of heat wave being higher than in 2015.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A medical train and a relief train have been dispatched from Allahabad to the accident site.	SADNESS	0.6
The rest 23 teams are being sent gradually.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The height of the more than 90-year-old volcano has been reduced to about 110 meters from 338 meters after eruptions intensified in the past week, according to the Center for Volcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation.	SURPRISE	1.0
Cops brought out the two men from the car and took them to Civil Hospital, where they were declared brought dead with over 95% burns.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The typhoon made landfall before dawn in the coastal town of Baggao in Cagayan province on the northern tip of Luzon Island, a breadbasket of flood-prone rice plains and mountain provinces often hit by landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
DM Pramal Samanta said, "The temperature has fallen to 3.2 degrees.	SURPRISE	1.0
Owing to present condition, although parks and mela area did witnessed large number of turnout but people were seen coming out in open taking all precaution.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On Wednesday, at least two stations in Madhya Maharashtra — Ahmednagar and Malegaon — had high departures in their day temperatures.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a result Rohtang Pass and several inner roads were blocked.	SURPRISE	0.8
According to Apollo hospital sources, the out patient department was shut for sometime soon after the blaze occurred.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Nine coaches of the Delhi-bound Kaifiyat Express derailed in Auraiya district of Uttar Pradesh this morning, resulting in injuries to at least 21 people, in the second rail accident in the state in four days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Mangkhut, the Thai word for mangosteen fruit, is the 15th storm this year to batter the Philippines, which is hit by about 20 a year and is considered one of the world's most disaster-prone countries.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The badly damaged road from Kullu to Manali would be restored within a week, Himachal Pradesh chief minister Jai Ram Thakur said after an aerial survey of rain-hit areas.	SADNESS	1.0
An official said donations to the Kerala Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund have also been exempted from income tax.	OPTIMISM	0.4
He said the quake was also felt in parts of neighboring Bali island.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The airport was shut on August 15 after severe flooding and was expected to open on August 26 afternoon.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
@CMOKerala," Modi tweeted after talking to chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan by phone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The water washed away the stage which was located very close to the sea," the band said in a statement.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Through this initiative, Times Network strives to give the cause a unified voice and encourage the nation to join hands and contribute to support Kerala, the company said in a release here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Latest estimate suggest more than 120,000 homes have been left without electricity as the storm, dubbed "Snowzilla" by some US media, began dumping several inches of snow across the region.	SURPRISE	1.0
These operations were carried out in far-flung inaccessible areas such as Lukla, Dhading, Millanchi, Gorkha, Chautara, Charikot, Melum, Aroghat, Dhunche, Ramechhap, Barpak, Narayan Chor, Namchi Bazar, Tatopani and Lamabagar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 231 people have lost their lives and 32 are missing in flood-related incidents in Kerala since August 8.	SADNESS	0.9
The weatherman has predicted heavy rains in various places of Kerala till August 20.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
AMC Assistant Chief Fire Officer Rajesh Bhatt said four people had been rescued so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Thick fog, which has in the past few days affected normal movement of road, rail and air traffic, also prevailed at most places in the two states early today.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The IMD, however, has forecast heavy rains at several places in Ernakulam, Pathanamthitta and Alappuzha districts, even as 22 deaths were reported on Saturday and the toll since August 8 rose to 196.	SADNESS	0.8
Four Railway staff, the guard, driver, assistant driver and a loco-inspector have been suspended.	ANGER	0.4
The issue surfaced after the United Arab Emirates (UAE) government offered USD 100 million (around Rs 700 crore) for flood relief works in Kerala.	SURPRISE	0.8
On August 19, Haridwar-bound Utkal Express derailed near Muzaffarnagar killing 23 and injuring 40	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Areas like Munnar, Thamarassery, Vythiri and Thiruvambady were classified under ESZ as per the WGEEP report.	SURPRISE	0.5
We will start operations at 2pm on August 29," the statement added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Successive earthquakes flattened parts of the tourist island of Lombok, and a double quake-and-tsunami killed thousands on Sulawesi island.	SADNESS	1.0
Captain Kumar, from 3 Ladakh Scouts, was unmarried.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All area schools are closed starting Friday, and so too, many universities and some government agencies.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, the National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC), headed by Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth, reviewed the status of rescue and relief operations undertaken by different agencies of the government in different parts of Nepal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile in Auckland, New Zealand, the Auckland Malyali Hindu Samajam has decided to do away with Onam celebrations and contribute money to rebuild the state that has been devastated due to floods.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
RPF staffers summoned three water tankers to supply water to the passengers of the train, which was stranded at the accident site for over four-and-a-half hours.The	ANGER	0.3
“A passenger train was cancelled while three others were affected following the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Strong aftershocks continued to rock the coastal city on Saturday morning after waves up to two metres (six feet) high swept through the scenic tourist town, triggered by a 7.5 magnitude earthquake on land.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“We spoke about the Kerala flood which has affected lakhs of people.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The north of Lombok has been devastated by the magnitude 7.0 quake that struck Sunday night, killing at least 105 people, seriously injuring more than 230 and destroying thousands of buildings.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The afternoon temperature in Jamshedpur stood at 42.1° Celsius on Monday, six notches above its normal temperature.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Seismologists have said another such quake could strike the city at any time.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
KOLKATA: A fire broke out in a residential building on Shambhunath Pandit Street early on Saturday morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
Nearly 14.50 lakh people belonging to 3.91 lakh families are still lodged in 3,879 relief camps across the state.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
The tourists had reportedly gone skiing despite an avalanche warning being issued by the state disaster management authority on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Those rescued on Saturday were identified as Rashid Naseer Parray and Ghulam Nabi Bhat.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Efforts were now under way to clear the houses of the debris to make them habitable, officials said, underscoring the need for making available disinfectants like bleaching powder in adequate quantities to prevent outbreak of water- borne diseases.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
The train, which carries fertilizer from Saharnpur to Bijnor, was scheduled to return to Saharanpur at 2:30 pm on Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All of us rushed to the terrace to avoid being trapped in the smoke.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Investigators believe that heavy rains caused the ground under the rails to collapse, causing Sunday's crash, Deputy Prime Minister Recep Akdag said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The mammoth Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Relief (HADR) task was carried out by IAF and Army from April 25 to June 4.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: A fire broke out at a factory in Mumbai's Goregaon East area early on Saturday.	SURPRISE	1.0
The eruption of Krakatau in 1883 killed more than 36,000 people in a series of tsunamis.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A medium-intensity earthquake hit Haryana's Jhajjar district and its tremors were also felt in the national capital, the National Centre For Seismology said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
They also said that more rains are likely from May 30.	JOY	1.0
“Only the engine’s footplate hit the mangled truck and the train came to halt after traveling a certain distance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SRINAGAR: After a 24-hour long rescue operation, authorities rescued two teenagers and recovered 10 bodies, including five women, who had gone missing on Friday after their passenger vehicle was buried in an avalanche in north Kashmir’s Kupwara district.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Even if the typhoon weakens slightly after slamming ashore, its winds will remain very destructive, government forecaster Rene Paciente said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The blaze erupted around 10 am on the second floor of the seven-storey building at the Madhur Industrial Estate in Andheri, a fire brigade official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan said yesterday that there were no obstacles to receive foreign aid as per the National Disaster Management (NDM) Policy 2016 announced by the Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The highest maximum temperature in the state was recorded in Banda at 45.6 degrees Celsius.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The water level in several parts of Pathanamthitta district and some parts of Ernakulam and Thrissur districts rose to as high as 20 feet, turning streets into deep lakes and rescuers deploying inflatable boats to evacuate people to safety.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Devi requested the chief minister to give financial aid to her family, and also a job to one of her sons.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Vice President Jusuf Kalla told a news conference the death toll would "likely increase".	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Four fire engines are present at the spot and trying to douse the fire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is the second accident at the site after June 25, 2017, when seven people were killed in a tree crash caused by a windstorm.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Traffic advisories have been issued to travellers planning to use the highway and they have been asked to contact the traffic control room before setting off on their journey, Lal added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Portugal's weather service had issued red warnings for high winds or dangerous coastal conditions for 13 of its 18 mainland districts, including Lisbon.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Firefighters reportedly had a tough time using the internal fire fighting equipment as they could not use their own fire engine/equipment etc.	SURPRISE	0.9
PATNA: Railways suffered an estimated loss of over Rs 90 crore as a furious mob set ablaze 15 coaches, including an AC coach and locomotive of the Saharsa-Patna Rajyarani Express (12567) and five coaches and the locomotive of Samastipur-Saharsa passenger train at Dhamara Ghat on Saharsa-Mansi section under Samastipur division of East Central Railway (ECR) after 37 passengers were killed by the running train around 9am on Monday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
On spotting the deceased’s body, commuters passing through the highway informed local police officials, who arrived at the spot and sent the body for postmortem at the district hospital in Rudrapur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though minimum temperatures in most of the places were 3-6 degrees below normal, it was the drop in day temperatures and a foggy morning which were more uncomfortable for the people.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Hundreds of passenger buses and jeeps are still stranded, with local people volunteering to offer those stranded food, water and shelter.	OPTIMISM	1.0
A geographical analysis of areas that suffered maximum damage this monsoon show that they were all classified as ecologically-sensitive zones (ESZs) under the Western Ghats Expert Ecology Panel report (WGEEP).	SURPRISE	0.5
Meteorological Centre Forecasting Division scientist Dr K Nagaratna told TOI: “When the temperature drops by seven to ten degrees less than the normal, it is declared as a severe cold wave condition.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The readings here have been higher than even in New Delhi and several spots in northwest India, which are traditionally known to be hotter than Maharashtra.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
After the cyclone hit the region, a trawler carrying some passengers sank in the Bay of Bengal on Wednesday night, killing 31 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The town had received 70cm snow since Friday.	SURPRISE	1.0
The MeT forecast rains or thunderstorm are very likely at isolated places over the eastern parts of UP on June 14.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Night temperatures were recorded appreciably below normal in Varanasi, Faizabad, Kanpur, Lucknow, Moradabad and Agra divisions, according to the MeT department.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A senior fire official said, “Fortunately, the internal fire fighting equipment are all functional.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two of those booked have been detained.	ANGER	1.0
A 7.5 magnitude earthquake on Friday triggered tsunami waves as high as six metres (20 feet), which swept ashore at the small city of Palu, on the west coast of Sulawesi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Survivor Ade Junaedi recounted seeing nature's fury firsthand.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
They were accommodated in A1 and A3 coaches till Nagpur, as the stricken coach was removed at Sonkhamb, and then moved to a AC III coach attached to the rear of the train.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
The Border Security Force (BSF) has its 162nd battalion based in this centrally-located district of the state and all its staff has been deployed for the relief and rescue operations since the disaster struck, he said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
GHMC disaster cell officials have received a cold wave warning and have geared up to prevent deaths of homeless who sleep on streets at night.Speaking	OPTIMISM	1.0
Kashmir and Assam were rocked by moderate intensity earthquakes this morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Hotels and other buildings in both locations are not allowed to exceed the height of coconut trees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We suspect Maoist hand behind the blast," Member (Traffic) Railway Board Vivek Sahai said.	DISGUST	0.6
The figure he quotes is the total rainfall in 1924.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The heatwave follows record rainfall that devastated parts of western and central Japan with floods and landslides that killed over 220 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The remaining units at the 120,000-barrel-per-day refinery in the western Indian state of Maharashtra are operating normally, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At least 14 were killed and 19 others injured in a fire that broke out shortly after midnight on the third floor of a four-storeyed building on Senapati Bapat Marg.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
According to MeT department officials, Srinagar received 83.9 mm rain and snowfall since yesterday while Kokernag in south Kashmir received 69.9 mm of rains in that period.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Soon after the duo was reported missing, a ski rescue team of Jammu and Kashmir police assisted by the cable corporation staff launched a search operation.	OPTIMISM	1.0
But the situation is yet to change for better in Mayurbhanj district, where the villagers are still reeling under flood-like situation, the SRC said.	SADNESS	1.0
According to sources, four wheels of the engine of the train derailed soon after it emerged from the artificial tunnel made for it as soon after it leaves its station.	SURPRISE	0.2
While the attempt had been to derail trains on both up and down tracks, a goods train moving at express speed rammed into the derailed Howrah-Mumbai Jnaneswari Express from the opposite side, leading to one of the worst train disasters in recent times.	SURPRISE	0.9
A 9.0 magnitude earthquake, the most powerful ever recorded in Japan, struck on March 11, 2011, under the ocean off the coast of the northern city of Sendai.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
However, it has brought down such casualties to a large extent by ensuring proper adaptation of the personnel to the conditions and through extensive scientific research by DRDO to improve living conditions of jawans there.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The plantation town of Nelliyampathy in the battered Palakkad district is fully cut off as a bridge was washed away and massive boulders fell on a main road in incessant rains and landslides.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
"Rescue operation for the remaining three soldiers is in progress.	SADNESS	0.8
Disaster Management and Rehabilitation Department officials said the rains had triggered landslides in many places.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
In North, Jammu and Kashmir too continued to reel under intense cold with the mercury in the state's summer capital Srinagar settling at minus 4.1 degrees Celsius, even as Kargil was the coldest place in the state recording a low of minus 15.6 degree Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
Rijiju said 2,040 people died due to heat wave in 2015, as many as 1,114 in 2016 and 384 in 2017.	SADNESS	1.0
KOLKATA: A truck loaded with aluminium ingots ploughed through a level crossing gate between the Kantadih and Tamna stations in Purulia early on Saturday, resulting in a collision and derailment of a goods train.	SURPRISE	0.7
In Bihar, light to moderate showers along with gusty winds and lightning are expected over the next 24 hours under the influence of the cyclonic storm.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The line has been cleared and is functioning now.”	OPTIMISM	0.4
- The heavens just let go:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The process of landfall has started and it will completely cross the Odisha coast in one or two hours.	SURPRISE	1.0
Delhi police officers said that they've initiated an investigation into the case.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Yesterday, there was heavy rainfall in 3-4 districts.	SADNESS	0.6
Amid concerns raised by many, including on social media platforms about steep fluctuations in air ticket prices to and from Kerala, where the main airport at Kochi has been shut till August 26, Prabhu said the ministry as such cannot interfere with the fares but it is "doing it" in this time of crisis.	OPTIMISM	0.5
With 12 firefighters and a few villagers, it took more than three hours to douse the fire, which had spread across 70 acres,” said a firefighter.	SURPRISE	0.9
Commissioner of Police and other police officers have also joined the rescue operation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.3
This kind of response came from many volunteer-residents, as Ernavur and nearby areas were one of the worst-affected during the Chennai floods in December 2015.	SURPRISE	0.7
While 13 bodies were found Saturday night, two more bodies were pulled out of the rubble Sunday morning, Paralakhemundi Sub-Divisional Police Officer T P Patra stated.	SADNESS	1.0
We were supposed to return to Mumbai soon.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railways minister Suresh Prabhu tweeted about the mishap, saying that he is personally monitoring the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to eyewitnesses, on Friday night when the train arrived near Mauzampur railway station, sparks erupted in the electricity line, on the stretch between Lakshar abd Najibabad.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Chandra Prabha Bordoloi, along with three other women from Morigaon and Darrang districts who went to Kerala's Chengannur as part of NEDFi delegation to showcase products made of water hyacinth earlier this month, reached here on Wednesday after spending a harrowing time for almost of a week since the deluge devastated the state.	JOY	0.4
Shockingly, a relief train departed from Roza station also derailed near the railway yard.	SURPRISE	0.3
The toll is likely to rise.	SADNESS	0.4
While Manali is yet to receive snowfall, adjoining areas of Solang valley, Kothi and Gulaba have received plenty of snow since Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Of late, stories about social media have been not very encouraging, as it was increasingly turning out to be a platform spewing venom.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As on date, yellow rust has not been reported across the wheat sown area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The blaze erupted yesterday around 4 pm on a corner side of the Hitech City station, an official of the L&amp;T Metro Rail (Hyderabad) Ltd, the concessionaire developing the 72-km elevated project, said.	SURPRISE	1.0
“The department had already predicted that this summer is likely to be on the higher side, but it doesn't mean temperatures will be high on a daily basis," Devi said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the hills, mercury touched 29 degree Celsius in Nainital and maximum temperature in Almora also closed 35 degree Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
K Santosh, director of India Meteorological Department's Thiruvananthapuram centre said all alerts have been withdrawn and the state experienced only light to moderate rainfall today.	OPTIMISM	0.2
However, almost all the belongings were charred in the accident.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
What is worrying those whose friends or relatives are stranded is that communication ties have snapped because of mobile networks being down.	SADNESS	1.0
Incessant rains and heavy snowfall in higher reaches of Tangdhar triggered avalanches on Tangdhar-Nasta Chhun road, causing road blocks at various places, the spokesman said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The moderate intensity quake was felt at 5.15 a.m. and the epicentre was located 199 km north of Kargil town in the Ladakh region, he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The government administration offered full support for the initiative, with chief secretary Tom Jose and IT secretary M Sivasankar extending all possible coordination for the team, which also liaised with CM’s IT fellow Arun Balachandran, who too stood as a link for the volunteering group with the government.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He had suffered 80% burns.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Both the mother and the child are doing fine, officials said.	JOY	0.6
With bright sunlight, the maximum temperature recorded in Bhopal was 23.7 degree Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Both have been admitted to the rural hospital.	SADNESS	1.0
Those returning home from relief camps were in for a shock, seeing muddy interiors of their homes, floating furniture, damaged books and reptiles and snails crawling inside.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Meanwhile, farmers were worried that the fire accident would affect deer and other animals that have taken shelter inside the reservoir.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"God willing," he said, "we will rebuild."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
The 2,500 mm is just for this season alone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Nahar Singh, a technical officer of the railways in charge of power lines in the area said, “It appears the cable snapped because of a lightning strike.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to MeT department officials, Srinagar received 83.9 mm rain and snowfall since yesterday while Kokernag in south Kashmir received 69.9 mm of rains in that period.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Thousands of people stranded in isolated buildings and rooftops in flood-hit Kerala were rescued on Saturday, even as rains and fresh landslides were reported in some places as the toll touched 194 in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Rescue operations are under way.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Yesterday, there was heavy rainfall in 3-4 districts.	SADNESS	0.6
What has puzzled the probe team led by Eastern Railway safety commissioner Arti Yadav is why the drivers of Uttar Banga Express failed to stop at the signal before the station and why it came in at such a high speed when it was scheduled to halt there.	SURPRISE	0.7
Saturday marked the 95th anniversary of the Great Kanto earthquake, which had a magnitude of 7.9 and killed more than 140,000 people in the Tokyo area.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A rescue operation will be launched on Wednesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The waves washed away an outdoor stage where a local rock band was performing in Tanjung Lesung in Banten province, a popular tourist getaway not far from the capital, Jakarta, killing at least one musician.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
It was the second powerful quake to strike the area on Friday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We brought in sniffer dog and used saws and a drill but we can't figure out where he is," said Aprintinus Titus, a rescue worker from the National Search and Rescue Agency.	SADNESS	0.7
“The mercury is rising in both hills and plains of Uttarakhand. In most places, maximum temperature is settling over five to six notches above normal, which is conducive for forest fires,” he said	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Devi requested the chief minister to give financial aid to her family, and also a job to one of her sons.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
READ ALSO: Canceled flights pile up as major storm threatens eastern US Residents have been warned to avoid driving starting 1pm on Friday afternoon, when the snow is expected to start coming down, and be prepared for power outages, with adequate stocks of food, water, and other supplies.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
After the derailment, the Najibabad-Moradabad train, which was to reach Bijnor at around 4:30 am, was cancelled.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Anak Krakatoa which used to stand 338 metres (1,109 feet) high was now just 110 metres tall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While the ward is fully occupied in GDMCH, the situation is no different in the other district hospitals.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Thousands of people stranded in isolated buildings and rooftops in flood-hit Kerala were rescued on Saturday, even as rains and fresh landslides were reported in some places as the toll touched 194 in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Several trains coming from Lucknow, including Rajya Rani Express, Punjab Mail Express, Kisan Express and Jan Nayak Express, were stuck for hours on the route due to derailment of Triveni Express.	SADNESS	0.3
Hot and humid condition is prevailing in Odisha even after the onset of South-west monsoon on June 8.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The report was binned by both UDF and LDF governments, with both Idukki and Thamarassery bishops throwing their weight behind the political parties.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Behind him, the rescuers, a dozen of them, were drilling into a flattened concrete wall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tens of thousands of people were evacuated to safety as the cyclone approached Bangladesh coastlines with Met Office Director Shah Alam saying "We earlier said Mahasen could hit the coastline in the morning, but now we expect it to arrive by the midday as its speed has been slowed down".	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Squally winds very likely along and off Goa, Karnataka, Kerala, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Odisha and West Bengal coasts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident could have resulted in more injuries or even casualties had the train been a passenger-carrying one.	SURPRISE	0.2
Lots of relief material were airlifted for over a month.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Unconfirmed reports put the number of death at 8.	SADNESS	0.4
"Over 10.78 lakh displaced people, including 2.12 lakh women and one lakh children below 12 years of age, have been sheltered in 3,200 relief camps.	SADNESS	1.0
The majority of the victims were women attending a birthday party at the restaurant.	SADNESS	1.0
Late in the afternoon, an aircraft spotted a number of trawlers and mechanised boats among the creeks in the Sundarbans, raising hopes of many survivors among those reported missing.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The minimum temperature was recorded at 26.5 degrees Celsius, normal for this time of the year, and humidity oscillated between 53 and 23 per cent, a Met Department official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The weatherman has forecast heavy rain and gusty winds in various parts of the state.	SADNESS	0.7
Besides, Barauni-Saharsa passenger train was also terminated at Khagaria, the CPRO said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to Sandeep Tiwari, incharge of KGMU's Trauma centre, "One patient admitted there is very serious and has been kept on ventilator.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Efforts were now under way to clear the houses of the debris to make them habitable, officials said, underscoring the need for making available disinfectants like bleaching powder in adequate quantities to prevent outbreak of water- borne diseases.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Thursday reviewed the cyclone situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to latest reports, the fire has been doused and no casualties have been reported in the incident.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The landfall process has been completed and "the centre of eye of cyclone 'Titli' lies over the land," the IMD said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It said clean drinking water was scarce because of a recent spell of extremely dry weather in Lombok.	SADNESS	1.0
The driver was identified as Manpreet, resident of Sheetla Mata Colony here, but the identity of the passenger is yet to be established.	SADNESS	1.0
READ ALSO: 10 Armymen feared killed in Siachen avalanche But specialised Army teams, backed by sniffer dogs, ice-cutters, drilling machines and other heavy equipment, had continued with their major search-and-rescue operation braving the harsh weather and terrain.	OPTIMISM	1.0
"We will not give up until we pull him out of this rubble.	OPTIMISM	0.8
"The medical condition of L/N Hanamanthappa is critical but all attempts are being made to evacuate him to the Army Research &amp; Referral Hospital (in New Delhi) on Tuesday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
Several people are still trapped inside the mangled bogies of the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Snorkel ladders were used to rescue residents stranded in the building, an official in the fire brigade control room here said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
train was running four hours late when the accident happened at about 8am, and later left Nagpur station at 4.15pm, 12 hours behind schedule, with a replacement coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This similar situation is likely to prevail in isolated parts as well, namely northern districts, on Tuesday," IMD Ranchi said in a statement which was issued in the evening.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a precaution, the public transport system have been shut down in the Washington region.	SURPRISE	0.7
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court on Thursday directed Mullaperiyar dam authorities to chalk out contingency plan to meet any crisis due to release of water and also consider reducing the water level to 139 feet from the present 142 feet.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We are seeing nearly 500 people for the langar and are also helping in providing food to those stuck on the roads."	OPTIMISM	1.0
The IMD also warned that an intense heat wave is likely to grip the National Capital from May 27 to 29.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
However, there is no flood-like situation as of now," said Chief Secretary Aditya Prasad Padhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Not that it requires much to send Washington DC area residents into frenzy.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visited a hard-hit area of Sapporo, the main city in Hokkaido.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The military and police are searching the ruins to see if we can find more victims," said Dody Ruswandi, a senior official at the disaster agency, adding that the rescue effort was likely to last a week.	SADNESS	1.0
The bodies of the passengers were removed from the mangled remains of the ill-fated coaches of the Howrah-Kurla Lokmanya Tilak Gyaneshwari Super Deluxe Express and the injured taken out with the help of gas cutters, a south eastern railway spokesman said.	SADNESS	0.9
The train, which carries fertilizer from Saharnpur to Bijnor, was scheduled to return to Saharanpur at 2:30 pm on Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
10 Mail Express trains and two passenger trains have been short terminated and 6 Mail Express trains short originated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
बुधवार को तीसरे शख्स कार्लोस एलफ्रेंडो जनेथी स्कारपति का शव मिला।	SADNESS	0.9
NEW DELHI: Two children were burnt to death in a massive blaze here, a fire official said on Saturday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
An official of the disaster management department in Srinagar said the epicentre of the quake was at a depth of 174 km at Latitude of 35.6 degree North and Longitude of 76.3 degree East, located 199 kms north of Kargil town in the frontier Ladakh region of the state.	SURPRISE	1.0
This is a dog in the manger policy," he tweeted.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Doctors said that people, especially those using cars, should take precautions against being exposed to extreme heat for short durations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Over 3.53 lakh people are in 3026 relief camps across the state after the rains savaged Kerala.	SADNESS	0.9
when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.In	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The railway has started the reconstruction work of the track to restore services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several buildings in Manipur secretariat and the landmark Ima market in Imphal had developed cracks, while some school structures collapsed.	SADNESS	1.0
The maximum damage inflicted by monsoon in the past ten days were in Wayanad and Idukki.	SADNESS	0.7
READ ALSO: Here's how you can help flood-hit people of Kerala	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A row of houses could be seen slanting at odd angles, leaning against one another in one town, and many schools were closed, NHK said.	SADNESS	1.0
Secretary of the Board of Governors of La Martiniere Schools, Supriyo Dhar said that a decision will be taken on Tuesday if the heat wave continues to prevail.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The district was one of the most affected by floods from Typhoon Hato, which left 10 people dead.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
AHMEDABAD: Four people were rescued even as some were feared trapped after two building blocks constructed under a government housing scheme nearly two decades ago collapsed in Odhav locality on Sunday, officials said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
A section of Anak Krakatoa's crater collapsed after an eruption and slid into the ocean, generating the tsunami last Saturday night.	SURPRISE	1.0
He is reportedly in a stable condition now.	OPTIMISM	1.0
MUMBAI: A fire that broke out Wednesday afternoon on the top floors of highrise Beaumonde Towers in Mumbai's Worli has been controlled, the fire brigade has said.	SURPRISE	1.0
It erupted again just after 9 p.m. on Saturday and the tsunami struck at around 9.30 p.m., according to BMKG.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In Bengal, the Indian Meteorologocal Department (IMD) has forecast that Kolkata will receive moderate rain, North and South 24 Parganas, Howrah and Hooghly heavy rain and East and West Midnapore and Jhargram very heavy rain.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Roads in the area were sealed off and a 150-metre cordon put in place while engineers from the National Grid engineers worked on fixing the leak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Balachandran said cyclones in November, 1966, November, 1977, and November, 1978, which formed over the Bay of Bengal, emerged into the Arabian sea and covered a distance of over 3,000km.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Delhi was no different with maximum and minimum temperatures of 14.7 degrees Celsius and 3.7 degrees Celsius, respectively.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All the passengers in the train are from Assam who were stranded in the Kerala flood, that has claimed over 300 lives.	SADNESS	0.5
A total of 1,311 houses were damaged in Tuesday's earthquake, Choudhury added.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The relief material has been sent using the rail route - from Old Delhi Railway station to Indo-Nepal border town of Raxaul.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many people contributed generously on the spot and we were able to collect Rs1 lakh.	JOY	0.8
The ruling Communist Party has tried to improve fire safety following deadly blazes at hotels, shopping malls and apartment buildings.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
How were these skiers allowed to ski off-piste considering that avalanche warnings had been issued 24 hours ago?	SURPRISE	1.0
NEW DELHI: The national capital continued to reel under a heat wave as the maximum temperature settled at 43.6 degrees Celsius, three degrees above the season's average.	SURPRISE	1.0
East Coast Railway (ECoR) will set up an inquiry committee to investigate the reason of the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
PUNE: In just the first 20 days of August, Kerala has received the highest rainfall for the entire month in 87 years, India Meteorological Department data reveals.	SADNESS	0.6
I have stopped procurement as green vegetables are being damaged in the heat,” said Kartika Swain, a vendor in Unit-I haat.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Minister Partha Chatterjee on Monday said that the decision has been taken following the heat-wave that has hit the state especially South Bengal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kochi International Airport Pvt ltd (CIAL) is Kerala’s busiest airport.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
CM Pinarayi Vijayan spoke to PM Modi and other central leaders again on Thursday to request more help.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We have no other means to survive," she said through tears.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In Delhi, fog reduced visibility to 100 metres during the night and did not allow visibility beyond 200 metres till Sunday morning, making operation of flights and plying of trains virtually impossible.	SADNESS	1.0
Survivors were treated at clinics but could not return to Jakarta because road access was blocked, Yulia Dian, a manager for the band in Jakarta, told Reuters by telephone.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Kerala is not expected to receive heavy rainfall from August 20, Mritunjay Mohapatra, IMD Additional Director General said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Meteorological science as of now is not developed enough to do that.	SADNESS	0.5
He directed that special attention be given to water, electricity supply and hospitals, an official in the CMO said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
@CMOKerala," Modi tweeted after talking to chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan by phone.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Around 20 houses were partially damaged at Khawbung village bordering Myanmar while the roof of a district hospital ward was blown away in Siaha district forcing the patients to take shelter in the corridor.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
He had also said that if there were any hurdles, the state would approach Prime Minister Narendra Modi to clear them.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The water from overflowing Budhabalanga and Gangahara rivers has gushed into around 14 villages in Badasahi block on Mayurbhanj.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Rajkot: Movement of trains on the Rajkot-Jamnagar and Devbhoomi Dwarka routes were affected after a coach of a goods train derailed near Padadhri taluka of in Rajkot on Monday morning.	SURPRISE	0.6
According to the Delhi Fire Service (DFS) officer, the fire broke out at 10.14 p.m. on Friday night in a three-storey building in west Delhi's Adarsh Nagar.	SURPRISE	1.0
We utilized palm leaves and other things to put off the fire,” he added.	SURPRISE	0.8
A forensic team and officials from power discom BSES visited the camp to ascertain the cause of the fire.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Education Forum, dubbed as the world's largest gathering of education and skills ministers, was opened on Monday by UK education minister Damian Hinds and is set to conclude tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In West Bengal, four people were killed in lightning strikes in Bankura district, three in Hooghly district, while one death each was reported from West Midnapore, Birbhum and North 24 Parganas districts, officials said.	SURPRISE	1.0
The confirmed death toll from an earthquake and tsunami on Indonesia's Sulawesi island has risen to 1,234, from 844, the national disaster mitigation agency said on Tuesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The unusually short break between rains has exacerbated the problem — earlier, spells of heavy rain were interspersed with 4 or more dry days but this time, the breaks have not exceeded 2-3 days, causing the water to accumulate.	SADNESS	0.6
The Army, Navy, and NDRF teams continued their rescue efforts.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Delhi registered a minimum temperature of 7.6 degrees Celsius on Sunday morning, while the maximum on Saturday was 13.5 degrees.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Similar precipitation has been forecast for the next five days.	OPTIMISM	0.4
All 122 persons were safely rescued till 2pm on Saturday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
"As a record heatwave continues to blanket the country, urgent measures are required to protect the lives of schoolchildren," top government spokesman Yoshihide Suga told reporters Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The ECR railway officers’ association (ROA) will hold a meeting in this connection on Thursday to decide the amount to be contributed ,” Rajesh said, adding it would be a token contribution from the ECR to the PM’s relief fund.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Yesterday, the maximum and minimum temperatures settled at 43 and 26.5 degrees Celsius respectively.	SURPRISE	0.5
In north Odisha rivers like Jalaka and Budhabalanga are flowing over danger marks inundating huge areas in Balasore and Mayurbhanj districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court on Thursday directed Mullaperiyar dam authorities to chalk out contingency plan to meet any crisis due to release of water and also consider reducing the water level to 139 feet from the present 142 feet.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cyclone warning division's (CWD) advisory said the sea will be very rough over central and north Bay of Bengal and off Odisha, West Bengal and north Andhra Pradesh coasts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
"Two low pressure systems formed on the Bay of Bengal, close to Odisha.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 105 pregnant women in Ganjam and 18 in Jgatsinghpur were shifted to hospitals, it said.	OPTIMISM	0.8
“A passenger train was cancelled while three others were affected following the derailment.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state's estimated loss in the deluge is Rs 20,000 crore (as per a preliminary estimate).	SADNESS	0.7
Anurag Garg, the owner of the house, had gone to attend a marriage ceremony when the incident took place.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It will deploy 50 high-power pump sets in different areas by tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We hope the miracle continues.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
It was later forced to issue a correction and an apology as it pointed to the area's lack of early warning systems.	ANGER	0.8
The hardest-hit province was Benguet, where 38 people died, mostly in two landslides, and 37 are missing, the police said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The train, which carries fertilizer from Saharnpur to Bijnor, was scheduled to return to Saharanpur at 2:30 pm on Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But critics say the derailment could have been prevented.	SURPRISE	0.8
“Absence of clouds is facilitating uninterrupted radiation, which is helping the temperatures rise," said K Sathi Devi, head of the National Weather Forecasting Centre at the IMD in New Delhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Here is a look at why Kerala is witnessing one of its worst natural disasters in decades	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A media ban issued Sunday by the government, citing national security and public order, was lifted Monday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Eyewitnesses said the noise was deafening and the earth trembled as if there was an earthquake.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
But met vets warned that this was no joke.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescuers from the Army and Air Force have been deployed to search for them, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Officials in the Disaster Mitigation Centre said they are trying to get detailed figures, but in these weather condition that was proving tough.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We have asked NHAI, NTPC, PGCIL to render all possible assistance and cater to basic infrastructure needs in the wake of the floods," the prime minister said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On August 20, they transferred an initial sum of Rs 25 lakh towards CM’s distress relief funds.	OPTIMISM	0.7
But it was the last compartment -- which had a section for unreserved passengers, the luggage brake van and the guard's cabin -- that drove up the toll.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Some 100 people were safely evacuated from the building.	OPTIMISM	0.9
Nearly three dozen people were rescued from the building.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The quake in Assam occurred at a depth of 13 km around 10.20 am with its epicentre in Kokrajhar district, the Indian Meteorological Department said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
ASDMA chief executive officer, Rajesh Prasad told TOI that the ASDMA, along with Assam Bhawan in Kolkata, has made arrangements for providing food, water and medical help to the passengers at Howrah station.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Local residents used shovel and spade to create openings and pull out trapped passengers.	SADNESS	1.0
Meanwhile, Ayanagar sizzled at 43.9 degrees, Ridge area at 43.2 degrees and Narela at 44 degree Celsius respectively.	SURPRISE	1.0
East Coast Railway (ECoR) will set up an inquiry committee to investigate the reason of the accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Sixteen people, ten men and six women, suffered from suffocation due to the smoke.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The official toll from rain and floods since August 8 has been put at 97 but it was expected to be several times that number as rescuers struggled to reach far flung locations where hundreds of people, including women, children and the aged, were feared trapped on terraces of homes, atop tall buildings and, in one case, in a marooned church.	SADNESS	0.7
MUMBAI: The builder of a residential high-rise in Mumbai's Dadar area, where at least four people were killed in a fire on Wednesday, was remanded to police custody till August 27 by a local court on Thursday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Three additional ODRAF and two NDRF teams will be dispatched to Gajapati to step up restoration work, he said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, farmers were worried that the fire accident would affect deer and other animals that have taken shelter inside the reservoir.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said officials hope to reopen Kansai Airport for domestic flights on Friday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is the nagging worry whether her friends, who had gone for an excursion to the Havelock island, are safe.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
The ships will pick up fishermen that are found adrift in the waves.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Police said the cause of the fire would be ascertained after the forensic results.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Bikram Singh, director of Dehradun MeT centre, said, “Maximum temperature recorded at Dehradun and Pantnagar was 40oC on Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.9
But, during last week’s flood, it turned out to be a lifesaver for hundreds - literally.	SURPRISE	0.7
The Education Forum, dubbed as the world's largest gathering of education and skills ministers, was opened on Monday by UK education minister Damian Hinds and is set to conclude tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
JAKARTA: Indonesian officials issued a tsunami warning on Friday after a powerful earthquake rocked the island of Sulawesi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Heat wave conditions are very likely to occur at many parts of west Rajasthan, Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, at some parts of West Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha, Punjab and East Rajasthan and at one or two pockets over north Gujarat region, Saurashtra, Kutch, East Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh," the IMD said in its forecast for tomorrow.	SURPRISE	0.5
Though the mercury is rising across the country, weather stations in Maharashtra have recorded unusually high temperatures.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the northern Philippines, Mangkhut made landfall Saturday on the northeastern tip of Luzon island with sustained winds of 205 kilometers (127 miles) per hour and gusts of 255 kph (158 mph).	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The fire started from the welding machines, cops said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Roads in the area were sealed off and a 150-metre cordon put in place while engineers from the National Grid engineers worked on fixing the leak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Guangdong, China's manufacturing hub, has set up 3,777 shelters, while more than 100,000 residents and tourists have been moved to safety or sent home.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Sealdah: 033-23503535, 033-23503535, 033-23503537, 033-23503537	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“Since the fire was on the centre of the reservoir, we could not take the fire tender beyond certain distance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Therefore, the decision was taken to stop running of EMU trains on main lines on the Chennai Egmore – Tambaram section till the identification of requirements for additional safety margins and their resolution.	OPTIMISM	0.3
The Venezuelan Seismological Research Foundation (Funvisis) said the quake occurred on Tuesday evening at 5:31 pm, with the epicentre located 19 km southeast of the town of Yaguaraparo, in Sucre state, Xinhua news agency reported.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The death toll due to the cyclonic storm mounted to 24 Sunday after 15 people were reportedly killed in a landslide at Barghar area in Gajapati, around 50 km from the district headquarters town of Paralakhemundi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We had to cut through 5 to 10 feet of snow to reach the vehicles," a rescue volunteer from Solang Village, Roshan Thakur, said.	SURPRISE	0.6
Other UAE-based businessmen had pledged amounts to help in flood relief operations.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The highway is expected to open for vehicles till Sunday evening," he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Minister of State for Home said in 2018, so far, 22 people have lost their lives due to heat wave.	SADNESS	1.0
The passengers who were inside the train escaped unhurt.	OPTIMISM	0.9
“As per our latest reports, most of air navigation system (ANS) equipment will be made operational by Wednesday evening in Kochi.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Over 1,000 people were evacuated to safer places in the two districts due to the flood.	SADNESS	1.0
A river decided to change its course on August 8 and snaked into human habitat at Kannappankundu in Puthuppady panchayat in Kozhikode	SURPRISE	0.8
"Unprecedented snowfall triggered multiple avalanches in Batalik Sector in which a post was buried.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Chief Minister's Distress Relief Fund (CMDRF) had received donations to the tune of Rs 309 crore till last evening through online and deposits in the special SBI account.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This included water, field hospitals, blankets, tents, paramedics, stretchers, medicines, prepared food, milk, utensils, vegetables, Meals Ready to Eat (MRE), RO plants, oxygen regenerators, Air Force Communication Centre Vehicles, Rapid Action Medical Teams with its transportable operation theatre, X-ray, laboratory and patient beds among others.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Jasvinder Singh Mann, another farmer from Sampatpur, said, “The water sources in our village have dried up.	SADNESS	1.0
SER adopted a three pronged approach to tackle the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Only around two months ago, Jangalmahal guerrillas had engineered a train crash in West Midnapore district that killed 149 passengers.	SADNESS	1.0
"People ran out in panic."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Addressing the annual conference of state relief commissioners/secretaries here on Friday, NDMA member R K Jain said heat wave death toll last year was just 10% of that witnessed in 2015, “primarily due to the groundwork done on dissemination of information, better awareness, etc”.	OPTIMISM	0.2
We have suspended four supervisors - two in Bareilly and one each in Bisaratganj and Roza stations."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
AHMEDABAD: If weatherman is right, Amdavadis — who are have suffered heat wave conditions — are going to get some relief.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Around 44 columns of army are working in various parts of Sikkim, while another 15 are in the East District of the state.	OPTIMISM	0.3
They are demanding a government job for one of the children, and adequate compensation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake set off a series of massive tsunami that devastated a wide swath of the Pacific coastline and killed nearly 20,000 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Murugesan said, “We didn’t reject the donations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Dead bodies were seen floating in several places, including Pandanad, Aranmula and Nenmara, where a massive landslide was reports two days ago.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
In another incident, a 30-year-old woman of the same village also died due to cold, according to family sources.	SADNESS	1.0
DUBAI: Indian-origin billionaire businessmen based in the UAE have announced Rs 12.5 crore donation for flood relief operations in the deluge-hit Kerala, according to a media report.	OPTIMISM	0.4
In Delhi, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced Rs two lakh as ex-gratia to next of kin of those killed in the earthquake and Rs one lakh each for those seriously injured.	OPTIMISM	0.3
South eastern railway spokesman Soumitra Majumdar said the train had 24 coaches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pray with us," he added.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
No one was hurt in the fire that broke out in a call centre office in Dahisar (W).	OPTIMISM	1.0
"Rainfall will increase in these districts while the spell will be widespread in almost all parts of Odisha in the following 48 hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Richard Teeuw, a geohazard expert from the University of Portsmouth in England, said the eruption and landslide may well have destabilised the volcano, heightening the risk of another tsunami.	SURPRISE	1.0
A 'medium danger' avalanche warning is issued for avalanche prone areas situated at an altitude of above 3,000 metres.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
As the incident happened inside the yard, train services were not affected.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Rohingya are an ethnic group, the majority of whom are Muslim, who have lived for centuries in the Buddhist-majority Myanmar.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Agency official Toshiyuki Matsumori warned residents to take precautions for potential major aftershocks in coming days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Youngsters could be seen helping women and the elderly cross the waters by lifting them.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The MeT has forecast rains or thundershowers at isolated places in the mid hills over the next six days, rain or thundershowers in the lower hills and rain or snow in the higher hills from June 15.	SURPRISE	1.0
A body blow has been dealt to the scenic state, with its infrastructure, standing crops and tourism facilities severely hit.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Kashmir is now under the grip of Chillai-Kalan - a 40-day harshest period of winter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Transport was also disrupted in a number of places.	SURPRISE	0.5
The weather department has forecast that heatwave conditions will prevail over north Gujarat and Kutch for the next two days.	SADNESS	0.9
Regimental medical officer Captain Ashwini Kumar could not be saved and his body was retrieved from under the avalanche, he said.	SADNESS	1.0
Passersby spotted the car and alerted the fire station and police.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The government will on August 29 honour fishermen who participated in the rescue operations, he said.	JOY	0.8
Union Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said the Prime Minister's National Relief Fund (PMNRF) accepts voluntary contributions from individuals, organisations and trusts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Kerala government has now turned its attention to cleaning of houses and public places which were damaged in the unprecedented rains that ravaged the state and with the operations to rescue stranded people from flood-affected areas nearing closure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
At 42.8 degrees, Palam remained the warmest region across National Capital Region (NCR) on Wednesday, though down from Tuesday's sizzling at 46.5 degrees Celsius.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Kochi naval airbase has started getting ATR flights of Air India subsidiary Alliance Air, Jet Airways and IndiGo.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The civil engineering department also began work on the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A fire department official said 11 fire tenders were rushed to the camp and it took them three hours to douse the fire.	SURPRISE	1.0
Aid organizations, already on Lombok after it was hit a week earlier by a 6.4 quake that killed 16 people, said they were stepping up their humanitarian efforts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In a statement here today, the SDMA said many parts of Krishna district are expected to record 46 degrees Celsius on May 31, while the temperature may range from 43-44 degrees C in East and West Godavari, Guntur, Prakasam, SPS Nellore and Chittoor districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The National Disaster Response Force is continuing rescue and relief operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In a span of five days, the call centres handled over 30,000 phone calls effectively.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Vehicular movement was normal in the state capital.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The deceased was identified as Rajender.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Unscheduled power cuts several times in a day have been adding to the woes of general public.	ANGER	0.3
The strong tremor, which cracked walls and streets, was also felt in nearby Trinidad and Tobago, and as far as Colombia's capital Bogota, where the international airport was briefly closed.	SURPRISE	1.0
“Many corporates are 100% matching the employee’s donation and this has helped.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Ludhiana, too, experienced the hot weather at 43 degrees celsius, up four notches while Amritsar's maximum settled at 41.9 degrees celsius, two more than the normal limit.	SURPRISE	0.8
Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The worst affected places remained Aluva, Chalakudy, Chengannur, Alappuzha and Pathanamthitta, where massive rescue operations continued involving NDRF, army, navy and coast guard.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
The Centre had announced Rs 100 crore on August 12 after home minister Rajnath Singh did an aerial survey of the flooding.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Cochin Port Trust also sent a tug	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is ongoing and engineers are down at the scene trying to isolate the leak.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
However, strong winds cleared sky by 9 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to administrative officials, an estimated 1,900 tourists are stranded on the two islands — 1,200 at Havelock and 700 at Neil right now.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The 70km long only surface link connecting Karnah with Kupwara usually remains closed for at least three months during winters due to heavy snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Dozens of injured people were being treated in makeshift medical tents set up outdoors, TV images The quake and tsunami caused a power outage that cut communications around Palu.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Other trains which were halted included the Varanasi-Okha Express, Mumbai Central-Okha Saurashtra Mail, Dehradun-Okha Uttaranchal Express, Okha-Mumbai Central Saurashtra Mail, Hapa-Santragachi holiday special, Nathdwara-Okha, Howrah Porbandar and Jamnagar-Bandra Saurashtra Janta Express.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The minister also aimed his guns at the state forest department.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The statement said, telecom services are fully operational and a senior official from BSNL has reached Imphal to take stock of partial damage to the state-run operator's building and to advise on steps that need to be taken to ensure safety and continuity of the telecom services.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We have retrieved the body of a 10-year-old boy, Sulaiman, and the cab driver Zahoor Ahmad," said a police officer, adding that the search operations were stopped after nightfall and will begin again on Saturday.	SADNESS	1.0
SRINAGAR: Five soldiers were trapped at an Army post after multiple avalanches hit Batalik sector in Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir today, an Army official said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
In November, a fire blamed on faulty wiring at a Beijing apartment building killed 19 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The IMD in its recent long-range-forecast had predicted that northeast states will receive 95% of its average monsoon rains this year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lal, who was driving an oil tanker, was killed when Rajyarani express rammed into his vehicle at Gausganj railway crossing on the fateful day.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
The spokesman said two people were rescued from the avalanche site, while at least seven others travelling in the cab were still missing.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Manpreet was partnering an app-based cab aggregator, and used to work mostly in the night.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
I stayed during the first shock, but the shock grew stronger and we rolled around trying to run out," he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Some destruction was reported from Ganjam and Gajapati districts," Special Relief Commissioner (SRC) B P Sethi said.	SADNESS	1.0
The quake, which was felt in the Delhi-NCR region as well as the Kashmir Valley, led to panic in some parts with people rushing outdoors for safety.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Only four days later, on August 23, another major derailment took place near Auraiya when eight coaches of Kaifiyat Express derailed.	SURPRISE	0.6
We could barely identify the dead.	SADNESS	1.0
others feared dead were occupants of 12 vessels that capsized.	SADNESS	1.0
Rain abates in flood-hit Kerala, focus now on rehabilitation: Key developmentsThe IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The area is prone to frequent avalanches.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The overnight toll climbed to 50, with 23 people being killed in Sikkim, six in West Bengal, seven each in Bihar, Nepal and Tibet, official reports said.	SADNESS	1.0
Mumbai Police tweeted saying its staff as well as the fire brigade is on the spot for assistance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
RUDRAPUR: Two more people are suspected to have died due to cold in Uttarakhand’s Udham Singh Nagar district on Wednesday.	SADNESS	0.0
Wednesday's maximum temperature was recorded at 43 degrees, three notches above the season's average while the minimum temperature was 26.7 degrees, the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
RAIPUR: Maoists uprooted 100 metres of railway tracks between Kamaloor and Bhansi stations in Dantewada around midnight on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Mamata Banerjee, board chairman Sahay, railway board member (electrical) Sudesh Kumar, director-general of railway health service B K Ramteke, Eastern Railway general manager V N Tripathy and other senior officials visited the accident site as did five Bengal ministers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This is the second accident at the site after June 25, 2017, when seven people were killed in a tree crash caused by a windstorm.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Madan, who has been selling tea on the platforms for more than 25 years and has seen thousands of trains enter and leave the station, realized something was horribly wrong.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It is unlikely to advance into the state in the next six due to prevalence of weak monsoon pattern over the area," a weatherman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The passenger, who was working with some private company in Gurugram, is probably from Jharkhand, but his identity is yet to be established.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The quake, which hit about 250 km (155 miles) southwest of Ende on Flores, was later downgraded by the USGS to a magnitude of 5.9.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The local police and ECoR authorities have began rescue operations and the injured are being shifted to nearby hospital.	SADNESS	0.9
Rain abates in flood-hit Kerala, focus now on rehabilitation: Key developmentsThe IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Of the injured 33 were in serious condition and admitted to different hospitals in Manipur, including the state-run RIIMS and JNIMS, while the rest were discharged after first aid.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Forty of the deaths occurred in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar accounted for 22.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The quake lasted around 15 to 20 seconds and was felt around 10.20 am.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Prime Minister Narendra Modi is expected to reach the state tonight and is likely to undertake an aerial survey of the flood-affected areas tomorrow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESWAR: Capital Bhubaneswar continued to be the hottest place in the state for the second consecutive day on Monday while the whole state reeled under searing heat.	SURPRISE	1.0
Majority of us believe that rather than celebrate Onam, we should contribute money to relief works in Kerala,” said Udayan Mahesan, president, Sevanam Sharjah Union.	OPTIMISM	0.6
While Vidarbha has been bearing the brunt of heatwaves in the state this year, Madhya Maharashtra, till now, was spared though the temperatures here too were on the higher side.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
LADING-LADING: Soldiers have pulled a man alive from the rubble of a large mosque flattened by an earthquake on the Indonesian island of Lombok, while thousands of homeless locals waited for aid Tuesday and stranded tourists camped at beaches and in the lobbies of damaged hotels.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He said District National Guard has been deployed.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Braving inclement weather and risky conditions, a young Air Force officer dramatically winched up a toddler to safety from the roof-top of a marooned house in rain-battered Kerala where thousands of people are battling all odds to survive as the death toll has touched 197 in the past 10 days in the second spell of monsoon fury since August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The earlier derailments were attributed to mischief mongers or accident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In December, 1922, a cyclone that originated in the Bay of Bengal travelled about 4,000km up to the Coast of Yemen, he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
While the maximum and minimum temperatures in Shimla, Himachal Pradesh, were 14.1 degrees Celsius and 4.6 degrees Celsius, respectively, the same for Dehradun in Uttarakhand were 19.1 degrees Celsius and 6.3 degrees Celsius, respectively.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several of the injured lay in a bloody mess.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Doctors have also advised parents to ensure that children drink a lot of water and do not venture out in the open from 11 am to 5 pm during the summer.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Here is a timeline: On February 20, Two coaches of Delhi-bound Kalindi Express derailed at Tundla after it collided with a goods train	SURPRISE	0.5
VADODARA: The toy train, the Sayaji Express, at Kamatibaug derailed on Tuesday evening.	SURPRISE	0.5
If so, 80G allows 50 per cent rebate," he told here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A magnitude 6.4 quake hit Lombok on July 29, killing 16 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“Heatwave conditions (are) likely to occur over West Madhya Pradesh during next 48 hours,” said a department forecast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
While a 49-year-old cobbler died in Burdwan town, a four-year-old died in Kalna.	SADNESS	1.0
Indonesia has been struck by two serious tsunami this year.	SADNESS	1.0
Shimla Meteorological department director Manmohan Singh said, "The weather will remain generally dry in next few days but isolated hills may experience moderate snowfall on Sunday."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
DHARAMSHALA: With day temperatures hovering at the 40 degrees Celsius mark, the Kangra district administration in the hill state of Himachal Pradesh has directed all schools to shut by 12.30 pm, officials said on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Sube Singh was talking to someone on the phone sitting inside his car with the AC on in front of his office in Garhi, when the vehicle caught fire.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The National Crisis Management Committee met in Delhi and took stock of the situation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MANALI: A jawan of the Border Roads Organization (BRO), a wing of the Army, had miraculous escape on Saturday afternoon after he was hit by an avalanche at the north portal of Rohtang tunnel in Lahaul.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Latest visuals: 30 fire tenders now at the spot in Bagri market on Canning Street in Kolkata where a fire broke out… https://t.co/tr5HI3Wy3J— ANI (@ANI) 1537065416000	SURPRISE	1.0
Maharashtra tops fire casualties	SURPRISE	1.0
Train services from the state capital have been suspended and Kochi Metro operations drastically cut short.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Lost Bani and our road manager Oki," lead singer Riefian "Ifan" Fajarsyah told followers in a tearful recorded video message on his Instagram account.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
"It would be wrong to say that railways is responsible for this accident.	SURPRISE	1.0
Local leaders said thousands of people are stuck in Paravur region of Ernakulam district.	SADNESS	0.5
“Unless someone has any emergency work people don’t prefer to come out of houses, let alone shopping or buying things.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The forest department has cut off a creek adjacent to Jambudwip, which is completely against rules.	SURPRISE	1.0
An AP reporter saw one body recovered Tuesday.	SADNESS	1.0
He was booked under IPC sections 304 (culpable homicide not amounting to murder), 336 (act endangering life or personal safety of others), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others).	ANGER	1.0
There are reports of others caught between landslides on the roads.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Railways also claimed that there were no injuries reported.	JOY	0.3
"It was a nightmare in my life."	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Around three lakh people have been evacuated so far in the coastal state and 1,112 relief camps set up for the evacuees.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Indonesia is prone to earthquakes because of its location on the "Ring of Fire," an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.	SURPRISE	1.0
He informed railway officials and stopped the train anticipating danger ahead.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The deceased was identified as Stanis Dav.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A preliminary probe revealed that the fire may have started from the air conditioning system due to a short circuit.	SURPRISE	1.0
Though railways was yet to announce an inquiry to probe the exact cause behind the incident, prima facie it appeared that the mishap took place while the victims were crossing the tracks when Rajyarani Express was coming from Saharsa end.	SURPRISE	1.0
According to IMD, Thursday will see heat wave conditions in Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, Rajasthan, upto 50 per cent of places in Punjab, west Madhya Pradesh and Vidarbha and upto 25 per cent places of Gujarat, east Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, and Uttar Pradesh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Had a telephone conversation with Kerala CM Shri Pinarayi Vijayan just now.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Among the dead were four members of Seventeen - bassist M. Awal "Bani" Purbani, road manager Oki Wijaya, guitarist Herman Sikumbang and crew member Ujang, the band said.	SADNESS	1.0
There were no immediate reports of casualties, but the latest quake caused people to flee their homes and move to higher ground.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Voltage is so low that fans are not moving.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to the Disaster Management State Control room, 231 people have lost their lives and 32 are missing in flood-related incidents since August 8.	SADNESS	0.8
Meanwhile, at Port Blair, there was a rush among tourists to get out from the islands.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
IMD said that the rainfall intensity over Kerala has decreased over the past two days, adding there is no alert of heavy precipitation for the next four days in the state.	OPTIMISM	0.7
He said at least 35 people were reported dead in Lampung in southern Sumatra.	SADNESS	1.0
The smoke spread through the building's staircases and lifts were not used as a precautionary measure.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Besides, location-specific index forecasts were introduced in 2016 to communicate the likely severity of heatwave occurrences.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The entire stairway was full of black smoke and it was getting impossible to breathe.	SADNESS	1.0
According to a railway official, The engine rammed into a truck lying on the railway track following a head-on collision with another truck on Mathura-Hathras state highway.	SURPRISE	0.6
All out efforts are being made to run the suburban services in time to improve commuters’ satisfaction," the statement said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In an emergency meeting Thursday, Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte asked Cabinet officials from the north to help oversee disaster-response work and told reporters it was too early to consider seeking foreign aid.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Police Superintendent Pelita Tacio said 34 villagers had died and 36 remained missing in the landslides in Ucab and another village in Itogon town.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"We could not attend the stall made for showcasing our products because of the surge in flood waters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many guests, who tried to take shelter in the bathroom got trapped and lost their lives	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Eastern Railway has opened control rooms at the following stations:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
to TOI, IMD director Y K Reddy said, the cold wave is due to north and north-easterly winds from Central India blowing into Telangana.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESWAR: Cyclonic storm 'DAYE' crossed the coast near Gopalpur in Odisha early Friday, triggering heavy downpour accompanied by high velocity wind in several parts of the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Rescue operations are under way.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Power supply has been restored in the affected areas except in some parts of Senapati and Tamenglong districts.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The fire spread from the first floor to the second floor.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The weatherman has forecast heavy rain and gusty winds in various parts of the state.	SADNESS	0.7
Only four days later, on August 23, another major derailment took place near Auraiya when eight coaches of Kaifiyat Express derailed.	SURPRISE	0.6
By Saturday, there is likely to be a further decrease in rain activity," Mohapatra said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
According to private weather forecasting agency Skymet, Delhi was expected to receive light rains and thunderstorm towards Wednesday evening but the weather system shifted towards Jaipur and adjoining areas of Rajasthan bringing much needed respite there.	SURPRISE	1.0
The center later said: "Tsunami waves are forecast to be less than 0.3 metres above the tide level for the coasts of Indonesia, Palau and the Philippines."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railways released helpline number and confirmed that no causality was reported in the accident.	OPTIMISM	0.6
This is the time when we are needed the most.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Apart from them, DMK leader KP Sankar and AIADMK leader Krishnan and tahsildar Rajkumar and other government officials visited the place and examined the losses due to fire accident.	SADNESS	1.0
On Saturday, the Met department also predicted heat wave conditions in parts of Vidarbha on April 1.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No one was hurt in the fire that broke out in a call centre office in Dahisar (W).	OPTIMISM	1.0
Earthquake measuring 3.8 on the Richter scale, epicentered at Haryana's Jhajjar, occurred at 4:37 pm today.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
"We organize a langar every day, which is seeing more than 500 people partaking meals.	JOY	1.0
"We will not give up until we pull him out of this rubble.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The night temperature also dropped to 4.4 degrees Celsius from 8.5 degrees Celsius yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
State relief department officials said people are advised not to venture out in the sun between 11am and 5pm.	SURPRISE	1.0
Most government schools have re-opened from vacation over the last seven days.	SURPRISE	0.2
CHENNAI: In the wake protests over cancellation of 'fast' locals on the Chennai Beach-Chengalpet section, the Chennai Railway Division on Tuesday issued a statement clarifying that it is a temporary arrangement meant to ensure safety of passengers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This categorisation will enable the state to get greater monetary and other assistance from the Centre.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Also, the drivers did not attempt to jump off the locomotive when the crash was imminent.	SURPRISE	1.0
Kerala flood victims can share location with Google Maps plus codesEven when they are offline, Kerala flood victims can use their Android smartphones or tablets to generate and share the plus code of their exact location, which can pinpoint their whereabouts and make it easier for rescue workers to reach them, Google said on Saturday.Even	OPTIMISM	0.8
"You're safe, mister," said one of the soldiers as emotion overcame the man, clad in Islamic robes, and villagers crowded around him.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Its manufacturer may also be asked to help us in the probe," said an officer.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It ends on January 31, but the cold wave continues even after that in the Valley.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The rescue parties needed exact locations and the IT members used Google coordinates to mark the locations.	OPTIMISM	0.7
People here empathized with the people of Kerala and offered donations.”	OPTIMISM	0.5
Teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the local fire brigade were deployed to rescue people from the debris of the two blocks, each four-storeyed, said Minister of State for Home Pradipsinh Jadeja.	SADNESS	1.0
Talking to this newspaper on Wednesday, Kumar said the railways has directed all booking stations to book flood relief materials in any kind for the Kerala through the government agency only.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Philippine National Police Director General Oscar Albayalde told The Associated Press that 20 people died in the Cordillera mountain region, four in nearby Nueva Vizcaya province and another outside of the two regions.	SADNESS	1.0
KOLKATA/DIGHA: The cyclonic storm that struck the high seas off the Bay of Bengal on Tuesday left in its wake a trail of destruction which could be traced only on Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"A cyclonic circulation along with western disturbance might have effects over Jammu and Kashmir towards May 29, so temperatures may fall in Delhi but warming will still be there," Srivastava added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pune and Mumbai are likely to record 40 degrees after Saturday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But, during last week’s flood, it turned out to be a lifesaver for hundreds - literally.	SURPRISE	0.7
Official report said mercury at 16 places in the state was hovering over 40 degree Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Once that is done, the airport operator will have to make all runway lights functional, and clean up the place,” Airports Authority of India (AAI) chairman Guruprasad Mohapatra said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The injured passengers have been rushed to nearby hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
The Ridge and Narela saw 40 degrees and Ayanagar saw 40.8 degrees Celsius on Wednesday.	SURPRISE	1.0
The central government was in contact with state governors to coordinate monitoring efforts, the minister added.	OPTIMISM	1.0
AHMEDABAD: If you think the heat is baking you right now, prepare to be roasted.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Kochi International Airport Pvt ltd (CIAL) is Kerala’s busiest airport.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Partygoers screamed as tsunami waves smashed into a beachside concert in Indonesia, sending band members tumbling off a collapsing stage, dramatic video footage showed on Sunday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
But a few residents came back today and were inside the building when it collapsed," Jadeja said.	SURPRISE	1.0
While negligence is a major reason for this, failure of the railways to provide proper fencing on both sides of the tracks passing through dense localities is also a major lapse.	ANGER	1.0
The peak was already covered with snow and due to fresh layer of snow it became unstable.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The team of local Rashtriya Rifle unit rescued 73 civilians and gave medical aid besides providing them safe passage," the spokesman said.	JOY	0.9
First we had to locate him with help of avalanche probes (rods used to locate survivors under snow) in a vast area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The two Swedish tourists — Daniel and Benjeman — were skiing near the Apharwat peak close to the second phase of the Gandola cable car project when an avalanche struck, trapping them in the snow,” general manager of the Gandola cable car corporation, Riyaz Ahmad Wani, said.	SADNESS	1.0
More than 1,400 people were injured, and thousands of residents had to move to higher ground, with a high-tide warning extended to Wednesday.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Rajkot: Movement of trains on the Rajkot-Jamnagar and Devbhoomi Dwarka routes were affected after a coach of a goods train derailed near Padadhri taluka of in Rajkot on Monday morning.	SURPRISE	0.6
The passengers panicked and some of them jumped out of the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The Hindu families returned two days ago as water receded from their submerged homes, Usman said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
People were forced to evacuate buildings in the capital.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
These trains are running late.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There were no immediate tsunami alerts or reports of casualties or damage.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to the met department, it recognises a hot weather condition as heatwave only after the maximum temperature reaches at least 40 degrees for plains and 30 degrees for hilly regions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A senior fire official said, “Fortunately, the internal fire fighting equipment are all functional.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Personnel of the three services, besides the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) resumed the gigantic task of evacuating people stranded on rooftops, highlands where hills came crashing down blocking roads and cutting them off from the rest of the world, and those marooned in villages that have turned into islands.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Met office issued a warning to early morning Christmas holiday travellers by car and buses of major visibility issues due to haze on NH7 at Mahabubnagar for next 24 hours and fog at several places on NH7 and NH9 in Telangana towards Adilabad and Vijayawada.	SURPRISE	1.0
Six men belonging to the 1st Assam Regiment, deployed in the Hanif sub-sector in Siachen glacier area, died in the avalanche hit around 7am, Army sources said here.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Transport Minister Ahmet Arslan said other trains had used the route earlier Sunday, and that the rain caused extraordinary swelling'' under the tracks.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The day temperatures in the hills will rise further by a couple of notches while minimums in the night are expected to remain around normal only,” the Met director said, adding that relief from the current spell of heat wave is expected only after May 28.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, from Thanjavur, the Indian Institute of Food Processing Technology (IIFPT) will be sending 30 tonnes of relief materials including rice, cookies, water bottles etc., to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.6
NEW DELHI: The national capital saw another scorching day on Wednesday with maximum temperature reaching 43 degree Celsius, three notches above the season's average, and is, along with north, central and east India, set to face a heat waves all this week.	SURPRISE	1.0
With darkness setting in by 5 pm, the entire operation was almost conducted in the dark and continued till all 127 transients including five foreign nationals from Japan, New Zealand and Bulgaria were rescued.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The southern Indian state is facing its worst flood in 100 years with 80 dams opened and all rivers in spate.	SADNESS	0.6
Meanwhile, the chief minister has temporarily cancelled his US trip for medical consultation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The London Fire Brigade said that a ruptured gas main was responsible for the evacuation of the area, which affected around 1,450 people.	SURPRISE	1.0
Additional forces and ambulance were rushed to the spot from Auraiya, Etawah and Kannauj, while NDRF team was dispatched from Lucknow to provide support to the victims.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
Union home minister Rajnath Singh has called it the worst floods in Kerala since 1924 and the state CM, Pinarayi Vijayan, has asked Centre for a relief package of Rs 8,316 crore.	SURPRISE	0.8
SINGAPORE: An earthquake of 6.9 magnitude struck off the southern Philippine island of Mindanao on Saturday and small tsunami waves were possible on parts of the coasts of the Philippines, Indonesia and Palau, the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
According to reports received from Manipur government, 8 people lost their lives and 88 were injured due to earthquake, an official statement said in Delhi.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Villagers who had four-wheel drive vehicles reached here to lend a helping hand.	JOY	0.8
With Jharkhand geographically sitting in between central and northeast states, it is expected to receive 95% rains this year," a senior weather scientist at Ranchi IMD said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Since Anak Krakatau has been actively erupting for the past several months additional tsunamis cannot be excluded," said Dr. Prof Hermann Fritz, from the Georgia Institute of Technology in the United States.	SURPRISE	1.0
While no injuries were reported, it is believed that stones on the track had led to the incident.	OPTIMISM	0.5
More than 50 people were hospitalised, out of whom 12 were being treated for injuries that were not life-threatening	SURPRISE	1.0
Paediatric wards in government hospitals across the state, including the Government Doon Medical College and Hospital (GDMCH), are struggling to accommodate children affected due to the soaring temperatures.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
“Only the engine’s footplate hit the mangled truck and the train came to halt after traveling a certain distance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Pathanamthitta district continued to be the worst affected over the last 24 hours as thousands of people were stranded in their homes in the towns of Ranni, Aranmula and Kozhencherry.	SADNESS	0.8
NEW DELHI: In a much-needed respite to rain-battered Kerala, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Saturday said the rainfall intensity in the state will reduce in the next two to three days.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The passengers panicked and some of them jumped out of the train.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Today, we managed to rescue hundreds of stranded people.	OPTIMISM	1.0
This is not the first time that a train has derailed at the station.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Though a search and rescue operation by the police, Army, SDRF and Mountain Rescue teams was initiated, it was being hampered by bad weather.	SURPRISE	0.5
Relief operations have been sent to the spot from Lucknow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescue workers are using backhoes and shovels to search for the missing in a tangle of dirt and the rubble of homes left by multiple landslides in the town of Atsuma.	SADNESS	1.0
am personally monitoring situation,rescue operations 2/— Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 1503448275000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Because of the ongoing conditions, sale of woolen garments and electric gadgets like room heater and blower has picked up in the city.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Train services from the state capital have been suspended and Kochi Metro operations drastically cut short.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Met office said Shimla received about seven mms of rain till late afternoon, while Sundarnagar in Mandi district reported 3.5 mms and Bhuntar in Kullu district received two mms of rainfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Ganjam, Gajapati, Puri, Nayagarh and Khurda districts, all situated along the coast, have been on red alert since Wednesday when initial weather reports predicted heavy to very rainfall in the state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
The normal onset of monsoon in Jharkhand was last week - between June 10 and June Monsoon arrived a week behind its schedule in 2017.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The main threat while conducting rescue operation was risk of another avalanche.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The civic body had in October 2016 issued a notice to the builder and the 58 occupants to vacate the building within seven days, but it was challenged in the court and the matter is still sub-judice, the BMC said in a statement yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With several people yet to be rescued, authorities today issued orders to release private boats and school buses for rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We are waiting for a detailed report."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NEW DELHI: Summer is barely here and heatwave conditions are forecast to grip northern and central India with late-March temperatures poised to rise to 40 degree Celsius in several regions, weather scientists said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The mercury in both Ahmednagar and Malegaon settled more than 4° celsius above normal at 43.8° celsius and 44.6° celsius respectively.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Heat wave conditions are very likely to occur at many parts of west Rajasthan, Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi, at some parts of West Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha, Punjab and East Rajasthan and at one or two pockets over north Gujarat region, Saurashtra, Kutch, East Madhya Pradesh, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh," the IMD said in its forecast for tomorrow.	SURPRISE	0.5
Even then, other parents are being asked to take their kids to private clinics citing lack of space.”	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A group of 14 tourists were rescued by the army from north Sikkim last night, Narasimhan said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
By Saturday, there is likely to be a further decrease in rain activity," Mohapatra said.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Lal is survived by two sons, a daughter and wife.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lahaul and Spiti had received more than 30 cm of snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Till September 30 this year, 143 persons were killed on the tracks.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The CPRO said railways started its rescue operation after getting clearance from the local police.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
NCR sources said that work for a dedicated freight corridor was going on at the accident site at the time of the incident.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"People ran out in panic."	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
"The cab was registered in his brother's name.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On receiving a message, the Indian Navy sent an advanced light helicopter to airlift the injured, even as the coast guard despatched a Charlie interceptor.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Altogether 1,112 relief camps were opened for sheltering the evacuees.	OPTIMISM	0.8
In the first of these, Rajya Rani Express was derailed on April 15, 2017 near Rampur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	SURPRISE	1.0
On Friday night, even the President of the US will be in a lockdown and won’t be going anywhere.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Myanmar has denied them citizenship since 1982, effectively rendering them stateless.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Severe heat wave conditions were witnessed in 2015 across several states, more so in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana, killing as many as 2,081 people.	SADNESS	1.0
Over 1,000 houses are fully destroyed and 26,000 partially.	SADNESS	0.9
Authorities blamed sparks from a welder's torch.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lifeless bodies and mutilated body parts lay strewn on the platform and down the track on the other side.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Cutting across religion and caste, the displaced people were given space to sleep inside the mosque, provided food prepared at its canteen and given rice, pulses and other essential materials when they returned home.	JOY	0.6
They were later rescued by army personnel.	JOY	0.5
In Lampung province, on the other side of the strait, Lutfi Al Rasyid said he fled the beach in Kalianda city in fear for his life.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Hussain said that his group has coordinated with the state's health secretary to send volunteers from its medical faculty.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"There's been no help at all so far," the 61-year-told AFP from the flattened hamlet.	SURPRISE	1.0
No casualties were reported.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The Palu area was hit by a less powerful quake earlier on Friday, which destroyed some houses, killed one person and injured at least 10 in the fishing town of Donggala, closest to the epicentre, authorities said.	SADNESS	1.0
Tokyo governor Yuriko Koike this week promised that the heat would be given the same priority as measures to counter terrorism.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The Okha-Jaipur Express was delayed by over five hours and has been rescheduled for departure from Okha on May 1 at 4.15am instead of 23.50 hours on April 30.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, a few employees of the Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF) in Avadi and their friends raised ?50,000 and collected relief material worth ?4 lakh from in and around Avadi, and directly distributed them to the flood-affected people in Chengannur in Kerala on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
The driver was identified as Manpreet, resident of Sheetla Mata Colony here, but the identity of the passenger is yet to be established.	SADNESS	1.0
Many residents came forward and donated money, while some offered grains, diapers and other material.”	OPTIMISM	0.8
The Kerala government had sought an immediate relief of Rs 2,000 crore to take up relief works.	SADNESS	0.4
The PRO claimed that all the passengers from the first coach have been rescued.	OPTIMISM	0.7
SGPGI PRO, Ashutosh Soti said that an unidentified passenger admitted there is "very serious".	SADNESS	1.0
The government had in March last year informed the Lok Sabha that there were fewer deaths in 2016 despite the severity of heat wave being higher than in 2015.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Authorities were suspecting that a naptha leak might have caused the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The sequence of inexplicable events began on Sunday evening with Triveni Express derailing just 500 metres away from the Bareilly junction.	SURPRISE	0.3
While areas of west Rajasthan, Vidarbha in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh will still suffer for another day, heat waves conditions are expected to end by Friday in all these regions.	JOY	1.0
The spokesman said two people were rescued from the avalanche site, while at least seven others travelling in the cab were still missing.	OPTIMISM	1.0
After preliminary treatment at BPCL's first aid centre, 22 of them were allowed to go home, whereas 21 were shifted to nearby hospital in Chembur, he said.	SADNESS	1.0
Dark clouds were hovering over Rohtang on Friday morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
At least seven people were killed and nine others seriously injured in the incident.	SADNESS	1.0
The track was restored at around 5.50 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hyderabad: Severe cold wave conditions have hit northern districts of Telangana, said Indian meteorological department officials.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
#KeralaFloods | Sajita Jabil (25), who was airlifted by India Navy from her house on Friday, gave birth at the Nav… https://t.co/U4syqpO2sX— TOI Kochi (@TOIKochiNews) 1534501317000	OPTIMISM	0.7
Schools will now open at 7.30 am and end at 12.30 pm instead of the earlier 9 am to 3 pm, said an official.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“The good news is that there has been no report of pest infestation till date.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The maximum temperature will likely stay between 44°C and 45°C at most places.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We do not know the cause of the gas leak at this stage.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Huge granite blocks, which had fallen from atop mountains, could be seen perched precariously amidst gushing flood waters.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
They have demanded an inquiry into the "non-response" of disaster management teams and the "incompetence" of hospitals in managing the aftermath of the earthquake.	SURPRISE	1.0
HELPLINE NUMBERS	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The builder, Abdul Razak Ismail Supariwala, was arrested by the Bhoiwada police, hours after the fire broke out at the 12th floor of the posh Crystal Tower building.	DISGUST	0.8
The Prime Minister announced Rs 2 lakh to the next of the kin of the deceased and Rs 50,000 for the injured.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.5
The Meteorological (MeT) department has forecast light to moderate rain in some parts of northern India.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All are safe," the Maharashtra chief minister said in a tweet.	JOY	1.0
Many persons, who were admitted to Rae Bareli, were discharged after treatment, Superintendent of Police, Raebareli Sujata Singh, said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
While the attempt had been to derail trains on both up and down tracks, a goods train moving at express speed rammed into the derailed Howrah-Mumbai Jnaneswari Express from the opposite side, leading to one of the worst train disasters in recent times.	SURPRISE	0.9
He said 18 people were confirmed dead but he had no information about injuries or other details.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
We announced about the camps through public address system and assigned an autorickshaw to drive us around the residences to inform about the camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“If the government is announcing something in media, should not they write a letter to the schools.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Palangdan said three villagers who nearly got buried by the huge pile of mud and rocks told authorities they saw residents rush into an old three-story building, a former mining bunkhouse that has been transformed into a chapel, at the height of the typhoon's onslaught Saturday afternoon.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Over 1,000 passengers are being taken from Rae Bareli to Lucknow from buses, where they will be sent to Delhi on a special train, the official said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.9
We will start operations at 2pm on August 29," the statement added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The gender and identity of the person has not been confirmed yet.	SADNESS	1.0
UN chief Antonio Guterres expressed his condolences to the families and friends who died in the accident, terming the incident as "tragic".	SADNESS	1.0
Three people succumbed to the cold in Malda, taking the toll up to six this winter, though officially, the reason of death is never attributed to the cold.	SADNESS	1.0
National Disaster Mitigation Agency spokesman Nugroho declined to give an official death toll.	SURPRISE	1.0
"Cyclone Daye has weakened.	SURPRISE	1.0
Japan's Hokkaido Electric Power Co said it conducted an emergency shutdown of all its fossil fuel-fired power plants after the quake, leading to blackouts across Hokkaido.	SURPRISE	1.0
The tsunami was a result of a megathrust 9.1 earthquake with the epicentre off the west coast of Sumatra, Indonesia.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
The state government has instructed officials in coastal districts and various departments to be alert to tackle any emergency situation, official sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
No loss of life or damage to property has been reported so far.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The Assam unit is part of the 102 Siachen Brigade and is located at altitudes of around 15-16,000 feet, they said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
#UPDATE: 20 fire tenders rushed to Crystal Tower near Hindmata Cinema in Parel where fire broke out on 12th floor o… https://t.co/3APOCr6Cfb— ANI (@ANI) 1534911853000	SURPRISE	1.0
Blog: Learn life saving drills/techniques for your and others’ safety	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Leslie had been downgraded from a Category 1 hurricane to a post-tropical cyclone with winds of 110 kph (70 mph) by the time it landed on Portugal's Atlantic coast late Saturday.	SURPRISE	1.0
On August 19, Haridwar-bound Utkal Express derailed near Muzaffarnagar killing 23 and injuring 40	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
A Vishnu temple at Venniyode in Wayanad and a shrine dedicated to Lord Ayyappa at Mannarkkad in Malappuram, inundated due to the floods, were cleaned by them.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to Mahadev Das of Ma Dashabhuja trawler, the cyclone hit them so suddenly that they hardly had any time to react.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Reddy reviewed the situation at a high-level meeting with his Cabinet colleagues, chief secretary P K Mohanty and other top officials and asked the administration to "be prepared" to meet any emergency, a press release from the chief minister's Office said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
“The railways will welcome any move to send relief materials on priority basis to Kerala,” the CPRO said, adding that the railways is still running all Kerala-bound trains from Patna Junction and other parts of Bihar.	JOY	0.4
With that, it also predicted "very likely" heavy rains at isolated places of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya.	JOY	0.8
The district magistrate said that this was the coldest winter in a decade.	SURPRISE	1.0
In November, a fire blamed on faulty wiring at a Beijing apartment building killed 19 people.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The fire started from the welding machines, cops said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Since both UP and DOWN lines are blocked, around 40 local trains were also being diverted.	SURPRISE	0.6
TEMPORARY SHELTERS	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Agency official Toshiyuki Matsumori warned residents to take precautions for potential major aftershocks in coming days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The state has got 771mm rainfall from August 1 to 20 this year.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Of the total casualties due to heat wave, the highest, 2,381 people, died in Andhra Pradesh in the last three years, he said is a written reply.	SADNESS	1.0
"The body is pinned underneath.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Nearly 14.50 lakh people from 3.91 lakh families are still in about 3,879 relief camps across the state.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
"Chennai division hopes that commuters will understand the gravity of the situation and are requested to cooperate to ensure the safety of train operations.	OPTIMISM	0.2
READ ALSO: Millions on US east coast hunker down for blizzard Turned out that city managers hadn’t bothered to salt the roads.	SURPRISE	0.8
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Earlier, railway minister Mamata Banerjee said the derailment followed a blast apparently triggered by Maoists who are observing a 'black week'.	DISGUST	0.6
Pathanamthitta district continued to remain the worst-affected with thousands of people stranded at their homes in Ranni, Aranmula and Kozhencherry towns.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
The guest house building is situated close to Crystal Tower, where four people died in a fire last Wednesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Fishing boats are already being using for the mission.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Renovation work was underway on the affected floor but the exact reason behind the blaze would be known only after a thorough investigation, an official had said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident disrupted the railway traffic on the Mumbai-Howrah up line and the Satna-Rewa route.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The administration has not been able to ascertain the amount of loss in the quake yet, he added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
All nine flood monitoring stations of Central Water Commission in Kerala have notified ‘Extreme Flood Situation’.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.5
Like Bali, Lombok is known for pristine beaches and mountains.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Both the mother and the child are doing fine, officials said.	JOY	0.6
Commissioner of Police and other police officers have also joined the rescue operation.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.3
The epicentre was in Jhajjar district.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
https://t.co/RYNcftgtaR— ANI (@ANI) 1536729883000 Earlier, a moderate intensity quake of of magnitude 4.6 shook Jammu and Kashmir at around 5:15 in the morning.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
Mumbai Police tweeted saying its staff as well as the fire brigade is on the spot for assistance.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"It can lift cars, you can't stand, you can't even crawl against that wind," Paciente told reporters late Friday in Manila.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The Army has launched a search operation for the missing soldier.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We're forced to deal with broken bones in the traditional way at home because the hospital had to deal with hundreds of other injuries," said Budhiawan, the village head.	SURPRISE	1.0
AK Srivastava, the head of the climate monitoring and analysis group at IMD, Pune, told TOI that an anticyclone over Gujarat, Rajasthan and adjoining Maharashtra is keeping temperatures high in the state.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, the humidity across Delhi dropped as the day passed, oscillating between 23 to 44 per cent only.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The car has been seized and will be sent to the forensic lab.	SADNESS	1.0
ASDMA is in constant touch with Kerala counterpart to help people of Assam stranded in the flood-hit state," Prasad said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We will also be raising funds too,” said Cijimon Kesavan, secretary, Auckland Malyali Hindu Samajam.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The center said Friday that the warning was in effect for parts of the state's Cook Inlet and the southern Kenai peninsula.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The magnitude 6.7 earthquake before daybreak Thursday knocked out power and train service across Hokkaido.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
For many people in Kashmir, the tremors recalled the nightmare of the October 2005 earthquake that flattened wide parts of Jammu and Kashmir on either side of the Line of Control.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In addition to the 10 killed in the Philippines, a woman was swept out to sea in Taiwan.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Besides these aircraft, 8 Medium Lift Helicopters, including Mi-17 V5 and Mi-17, were used during the operation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
She must have collapsed there," she said.	SADNESS	1.0
Usually, the normal day temparature here is 17 degrees Celsius.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Amid the distress triggered by the floods, a mosque in northern Malappuram, one of the worst-hit districts, has offered shelter to 17 displaced Hindu families, including women, children and the elderly.	OPTIMISM	0.6
Chief minister Pinarayi Vijayan, who had held a series of review meetings and monitored the rescue operations during the period of crisis, will visiting different relief camps across the state today.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cable was still emitting sparks, which led to fear about a fire.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
He said 1,500 Army personnel were engaged in rescue operations and people stranded on rooftops and inaccesible areas were being winched with the help of defence helicopters.	SADNESS	0.7
They are also the worst hit due to cyclonic weather conditions caused by a severe depression over southeast Bay of Bengal, which led to heavy rainfall, strong winds and rough sea conditions over the past three days.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Murugesan said, “We didn’t reject the donations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"After noticing damage, we got the buildings vacated yesterday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A 9.0 magnitude earthquake, the most powerful ever recorded in Japan, struck on March 11, 2011, under the ocean off the coast of the northern city of Sendai.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The London Fire Brigade said that a ruptured gas main was responsible for the evacuation of the area, which affected around 1,450 people.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Fire and Disaster Management Agency said Tuesday that a total of 80 people have died from the heat since the beginning of July, and over 35,000 have been hospitalised.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The city's airport remained closed after its runway and air traffic control tower was damaged in the quake but officials said they were preparing to reopen to allow aid to come in.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They plan to run this campaign till August 31.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
BHUBANESWAR: Two people were killed and 17 passengers injured in a collision between a Bhubaneswar-Bhadrak passenger train and a goods train near Kathojodi station at Cuttack.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The country's deadliest storm on record is Super Typhoon Haiyan, which left more than 7,350 people dead or missing across the central Philippines in November 2013.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Principal S Arulmozhi said, “We roped in the schoolteachers and students as volunteers.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kansai Airport, an important hub for companies exporting semiconductors in western Japan, remained closed due to a powerful typhoon earlier this week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As Kerala limps back to normalcy, a controversy has erupted over what caused the worst flooding in a century, with the opposition leader and several experts calling it a “man-made disaster” and the LDF government rubbishing such claims as unfounded and irresponsible.	SURPRISE	0.7
The team has already left for the snowbound area, added the officials.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The group members channelized all SOS messages received through different social media platforms along with the data from the government’s website Keralarescue.in launched during the floods, to government call centres.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to Navy sources, two sets of siblings from Kalady were rescued and brought to the naval base in Kochi and are waiting to join their parents.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.8
We organised special camps – collection centres – at 15 places in Ernavur, Ennore and nearby places.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Ministry of Home Affairs is coordinating with the NDMA, state government and related central government departments and agencies for providing all necessary help, it said.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Muhamad Juanda, who narrowly escaped, said 100 people were inside praying when the earth began to roll.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
As per preliminary estimates, the state has so far suffered a loss of nearly Rs 20,000 crore.	SURPRISE	1.0
Rain and strong winds lashed Hong Kong Sunday morning as the storm approached.	SADNESS	0.8
Over 12,000 litres of drinking water has also been dispatched to the affected areas in the next phase of bringing back and putting together the lives of the displaced is a concern.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 52 teams of the army, air force, navy, Coast Guard and NDRF are already engaged in rescue and relief operations, and 2,182 people have been rescued and 968 evacuated so far by NDRF, army and navy teams.	OPTIMISM	0.7
The death toll in India alone is above 18,000.	SURPRISE	1.0
Relief material, including provisions, water and fuel have started arriving at the Kochi port from different parts of the country, official sources said.	OPTIMISM	0.9
While there is a fog forecast in Hyderabad until December 24, for December 25 and 26, it is a mist forecast.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On August 20, Tundla-Delhi MEMU wheels got locked after its axle got jammed creating smoke and fire near Chamrola station.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Taking the situation into account, the NDRF and the ODRAF have been deployed in different districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, officials of the meteorological department have predicted light rains in isolated areas from Sunday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"No office-goer was injured in the mishap," the official said, adding that the cause of the fire was yet to be ascertained.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
* Seven of the 70-odd people injured in the train accident are in critical conditions, officials said.	SADNESS	1.0
Ski resort Gulmarg received about 10 inches of fresh snow this afternoon, the MeT department said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a precaution, approximately 1,450 people have been evacuated.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
And many people in the affected areas are still living in damaged homes or shelters and working outdoors on repairs, putting them at great risk.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The family members were sleeping during the incident," he added.	SADNESS	1.0
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) weather data revealed that as many as 14 Met stations in the state — out of 29 — witnessed the day temperature either touching 40°C or crossing that mark on Friday.	SURPRISE	1.0
Other places under the grip of cold wave include Pachmarhi, Rewa, Gwalior, Mandla, Raisen and Nowgaon, Satna and Sidhi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It also allowed road and public infra expansion with MoEF nod.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Eastern Railway has opened control rooms at the following stations:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thousands of people sat on roadsides outside their houses under blue makeshift tents and tarps, too afraid to stay inside because of aftershocks or their homes now uninhabitable.	SADNESS	1.0
BHOPAL: At least 24 bogies of a goods train derailed in Satna district in Madhya Pradesh late on Friday.	SURPRISE	0.5
Another lawyer, Hank Graper, was driving when the quake struck.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
General Manager, NCR, M C Chauhan and the Divisional Regional Manager have rushed to the spot.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We discussed the flood situation across the state and reviewed rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He was set to leave Kerala today.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kerala-born businessman Yusuff Ali MA, chairman and managing director of Lulu Group, has announced a Rs 5 crore donation for rain-battered Kerala, Khaleej Times reported on Sunday.	OPTIMISM	0.5
It caters to around 48,500 acres of arable land in both Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As many as 23 flights, mostly international, were delayed due to fog at Delhi airport and three international flights were diverted, while more than 98 trains were running late in the region.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thirteen coaches of the Patna-bound passenger train had derailed near Manikpur Railway Station in Uttar Pradesh.	SURPRISE	0.5
Amita Singh, chairperson, Special Centre for Disaster Research and Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) professor, also said the flood was not caused merely due to excess rain.	SURPRISE	0.7
Fishermen have been advised not to venture into the sea along the Odisha coast and the central Bay of Bengal till next 12 hours,” director of IMD’s Bhubaneswar centre H R Biswas said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.3
The state government has faced flak from the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) for the certain deficiencies in implementing initiatives to tackle cyclones.	SURPRISE	1.0
We tried to meet him to tell our woes but couldn’t get the permission from administration,” Sanjay said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Winds packing speed up to 60 kmph are likely in Pathanamthitta, Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha, Kottayam, Idukki, Ernakulam, Thrissur, Palakkad, Malappuram, Kozhikode and Wayanad districts.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On receiving a message, the Indian Navy sent an advanced light helicopter to airlift the injured, even as the coast guard despatched a Charlie interceptor.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A senior railway official said the wheels would have been checked at Kohli station, but the wheel gave way barely 3km away, some 6km from Kohli station.The	SURPRISE	0.4
Cutting across religion and caste, the displaced people were given space to sleep inside the mosque, provided food prepared at its canteen and given rice, pulses and other essential materials when they returned home.	JOY	0.6
Rescuers used heavy machinery, sniffer dogs, and special cameras to detect and dig bodies out of mud and wreckage along a 100-km (60-mile) stretch of Java's west coast and officials said the search area would be expanded further south.	SURPRISE	1.0
The moderate intensity quake was felt at 5.15 a.m. and the epicentre was located 199 km north of Kargil town in the Ladakh region, he said.	SURPRISE	1.0
This was one of the highest rating the Richter Scale had ever shown in recent history.	SURPRISE	0.9
A ECoR report said the Puri-Durg Express will now be diverted via Barang-Naraj towards Dhenkanal, instead of Cuttack.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Kochi international airport has been closed till August 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Personnel of the three services, besides the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) resumed the gigantic task of evacuating people stranded on rooftops, highlands where hills came crashing down blocking roads and cutting them off from the rest of the world, and those marooned in villages that have turned into islands.	OPTIMISM	0.7
It has been twelve years since the tsunami which originated in the Indian Ocean brought its havoc on 14 countries including Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and others.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Shinkansen bullet trains were halted in some areas of Hokkaido, NHK said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Lifeless bodies and mutilated body parts lay strewn on the platform and down the track on the other side.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Doctors have also advised parents to ensure that children drink a lot of water and do not venture out in the open from 11 am to 5 pm during the summer.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
ISTANBUL: A passenger train derailed in northwestern Turkey, killing two dozen people and injuring more than 300 others, officials said Monday.	SADNESS	1.0
Officials from the disaster management department said that the epicenter of the of the earthquake was near Kargil town in the Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Met officials said the deluge caught Kerala unprepared, particularly because it has been progressively getting less monsoon rainfall over the years.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“There would be widespread rainfall in most parts of Odisha till Saturday morning.	SURPRISE	0.8
The plan to release water from the Pong dam was put off because of reduced inflow and the forecast of subdued rain in the catchment area, a Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Chief Minister Jai Ram Thakur was forced to make a road journey to Shimla after snowfall in Kinnaur kept the helipcopter grounded.	SURPRISE	0.9
While Delhi and surrounding areas are expected to remain warm anyway, heat wave conditions will no longer affect the national capital till at least June 1, India Meteorological Department officials told IANS.	JOY	1.0
"No victims have been reported as yet," the minister said in a televised address, adding officials were monitoring the situation to assess any damage.	OPTIMISM	1.0
https://t.co/RYNcftgtaR— ANI (@ANI) 1536729883000 Earthquake measuring 5.5 on the Richter scale hits parts of Assam.	SURPRISE	1.0
A visual analysis by the Indonesian volcanology agency found the volcano has lost more than two-thirds of its height, an official said Saturday.	SURPRISE	1.0
He is reportedly in a stable condition now.	OPTIMISM	1.0
The report said that since zone-I is core forest area, which lies close to Western Ghats, there is a ban on land use for non-forest purpose or agricultural activity.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But Kerala government helped us with water and food.	OPTIMISM	0.4
Her family said as soon as the fire broke out she called her daughter who lives in Mahalaxmi.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A fire department official said 11 fire tenders were rushed to the camp and it took them three hours to douse the fire.	SURPRISE	1.0
Bikram Singh, director of Dehradun MeT centre, said, “Maximum temperature recorded at Dehradun and Pantnagar was 40oC on Saturday.	SURPRISE	0.9
Of the total casualties due to heat wave, the highest, 2,381 people, died in Andhra Pradesh in the last three years, he said is a written reply.	SADNESS	1.0
BHUBANESWAR: Two people were killed and 17 passengers injured in a collision between a Bhubaneswar-Bhadrak passenger train and a goods train near Kathojodi station at Cuttack.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
The system is now moving northeastwards towards Gangetic West Bengal across Odisha and it will weaken gradually, it said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Isolated places in the state are likely to witness light rains on Sunday and Monday.	JOY	0.7
In Tuguegarao, residents braced for the typhoon's fury by reinforcing homes and buildings and stocking up on food.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Srinagar recorded the minimum temperature of minus 3.2 degrees Celsius, a slight increase from minus 3.9 degrees Celsius yesterday, the official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
After a meeting of National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC) early on Thursday, the central government decided to scale up rescue operations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a result, the Gajraula-Bijnor-Najibabad track remained blocked for five hours.	SURPRISE	0.9
A Murugesan, correspondent of St Antony’s Nursery and Primary School in Ernavur, was instrumental in encouraging the teachers to collect funds from people.	OPTIMISM	0.8
Deputy commissioner Khalid Jehangir said the passengers were on their way from Kupwara to Karnah in a cab when their vehicle was struck by the avalanche around 4pm.	SURPRISE	1.0
General Officer Commanding of the Army’s Northern Command, Lieutenant General D S Hooda had expressed grief over the death of the officer, he said.	SADNESS	0.9
However, it allowed extension of village settlements to accommodate increase in population.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The accident led to panic in the train with passengers trying to leave en masse.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
Moradabad divisional railway manager AK Singhal said, "We have set up three teams to probe into the matter.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The MeT has forecast rains or thundershowers at isolated places in the mid hills over the next six days, rain or thundershowers in the lower hills and rain or snow in the higher hills from June 15.	SURPRISE	1.0
But now we have cancelled it and decided to send the fund collected to Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.5
Gradually, the rainfall intensity is decreasing," Mohapatra said.	OPTIMISM	0.5
The meteorology agency said that an area of about 64 hectares (222 acres), or about 90 soccer pitches, of the volcanic island had collapsed into the sea.	SURPRISE	1.0
More than 2.4 million people had been evacuated in southern China's Guangdong province by Sunday evening to flee the massive typhoon and nearly 50,000 fishing boats were called back to port, state media reported.	SURPRISE	1.0
"The blocks were vacated yesterday by the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation officials after it appeared that the building might collapse any time.	SURPRISE	1.0
Kochi international airport has been closed till August 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The first followed a 7.5 magnitude quake on the west coast of Sulawesi island in September.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A week after the tsunami, thousands of Indonesian Muslims attended a mass prayer on Saturday to remember the victims and pray for the safety of their tsunami-prone hometown.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
2016: A shallow quake hit the Pidie Jaya regency in Aceh, causing destruction and panic as people were reminded by the devastation of the deadly 2004 quake and tsunami.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The train moved to the railway junction at 9.45am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Kerala government had sought an immediate relief of Rs 2,000 crore to take up relief works.	SADNESS	0.4
Intending travellers have been advised not to undertake the journey unless they contact the traffic control rooms in Jammu and Srinagar to know the latest status of the highway.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
President Ram Nath Kovind tweeted about the incident: Disturbing news about the fire in Mumbai.	SADNESS	1.0
CHENNAI: Ockhi is the first severe cyclonic storm in almost 40 years to have travelled about 2,400 kilometres from the Bay of Bengal to as far as the Gujarat coast, a senior Met Department official said on Thursday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
On the Chinese mainland, the three southern provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi and Hainan are coordinating preparations, including suspending transport and moving people to shelter inland, the national meteorological agency reported.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Tuesday's maximum temperature in Delhi was 44.4 degrees, four notches above the season's average, while the minimum temperature was recorded at 25.9 degrees, a notch below the season's average.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
I am personally monitoring situation, rescue operations 2/— Suresh Prabhu (@sureshpprabhu) 1503448275000Some passengers have received Injuries and have been shifted to nearby hospitals.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.6
Meanwhile, the SC had directed the disaster management sub-committee of Mullaperiyar dam to consider reducing water level to 139ft from 142ft.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Rescue teams were dispatched from Jabalpur and Itarsi stations.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Several media outlets use offices in the compound, and at least three national news channels were affected by the fire, including Bennett Coleman and Co's Times Now and ET Now.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A fire personnel received burn injuries while trying to douse the flames, he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The personnel of Odisha Disaster Rapid Action Force (ODRAF) have also joined them.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"For non-governmental organisations (NGOs), it depends if they have exemption under the Income Tax Act.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The entire car was burnt.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Before and after satellite images taken by Japan's space agency showed that a two square kilometre chunk of the volcanic island had collapsed into the water.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
NEW DELHI: A massive fire at a camp of the Rohingya refugees in southeast Delhi's Kalindi Kunj area today rendered at least 228 of them homeless, police said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The relief material has been sent using the rail route - from Old Delhi Railway station to Indo-Nepal border town of Raxaul.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The meteorological department recorded about six inches of snowfall at Gulmarg — the popular ski resort of Kashmir — till 8.30am on Monday morning.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
We had planned Onam celebration on August 25.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
While Daniel was declared dead, Benjeman was rescued in an injured condition and rushed to a hospital in Tangmang.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Here is a look at why Kerala is witnessing one of its worst natural disasters in decades	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The cyclonic storm 'Mahasen' battered the country's southwestern coastlines yesterday, damaging thousands of thatched houses and forcing evacuation of over one million people from low-lying areas.	SADNESS	1.0
They had already used saws to cut a square out of the slab but could not find the body.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It is a posh residential building in Dadar area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The tremors were felt strongly in the Valley, with people rushing out of buildings and vehicles.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"The cab was registered in his brother's name.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Thankfully, the stationmaster of Kamaloor was alerted in time and he stopped a passenger train 2km from the danger zone, thereby averting a disaster.	OPTIMISM	1.0
We know how hard his family is suffering," said Titus.	SADNESS	1.0
If it does not rain before June 21 the holidays should be extended further,” said Samapika Das, a school teacher.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The dumper did not belong to the railways, the NCR sources said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Maoist-backed People's Committee against Police Atrocities (PCPA) has claimed responsibility for the derailment of the train.	DISGUST	1.0
On September 7, seven coaches of Howrah-Jabalpur Shaktikunj Express derailed near Fafrakund railway station in Sonbhadra, 80 kilometers from Varanasi	SURPRISE	0.5
(TOI photo by Jayanta Gupta) It was immediately realized that an accident relief train would not be able to restore the damage as the wagons had derailed and capsized (turned on their sides).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As recommended by the public health secretary, we have received the list of medicines which will be supplied to the relief camps."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
You everyone.Let	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Both Gurugram and Faridabad sizzled at 44 degrees.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
"We've handed over Manpreet's body to his family.	SADNESS	1.0
Core heatwave zone in the country includes Delhi, Haryana, Punjab, Chandigarh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal and Telangana.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There is also no ban on foreign contributions to FCRA-registered NGOs, which are working among the flood victims in Kerala.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, a few employees of the Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF) in Avadi and their friends raised ?50,000 and collected relief material worth ?4 lakh from in and around Avadi, and directly distributed them to the flood-affected people in Chengannur in Kerala on Wednesday.	OPTIMISM	0.8
He said the children were between 10 and 12 years.	SADNESS	1.0
The programme, which includes speakers from around the world, went ahead as planned on Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The road had about 2-3 feet of snow and was opened for traffic on Sunday by the Border Roads Organisation.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A large number of people, including senior citizens, women and children were airlifted from isolated buildings, while many others were evacuated in army boats, large fishing vessels and makeshift yachts, official sources said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
But this year summer months of April and May were cooler and pleasant but June became so harsh and unbearable,” said Saswati Acharya, a homemaker.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Vattamalaikarai reservoir was constructed in Uthamapalayam in 1980 to store surplus water from Parambikulam Aliyar Project (PAP) irrigation scheme.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Special relief commissioner Bishnupada Sethi said, "We have asked the district collector of Gajapati to visit the village and verify the reported deaths.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
MUMBAI: A fire broke out Tuesday in a commercial building in suburban Andheri, an official said.	SURPRISE	1.0
"We have a forecast that we did not had in 90 years.	SURPRISE	0.8
The fire fighting system of the said tower was not in working condition and electric duct was also not sealed at each floor level.	SURPRISE	1.0
The system over west-central of the Bay of Bengal close to Gopalpur in Odisha intensified into the cyclonic storm, about 300km east-southeast of Gopalpur and 311km eastsoutheast of Kalingapatnam in Andhra Pradesh.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
Joined a… https://t.co/p1TlR1SVDp— Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) 1534574805000	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They blamed anti-social elements who consume alcohol on the reservoir for the fire accident.	DISGUST	1.0
The exclusion zone has been extended from two to five kilometres (1.2 to three miles).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The volunteers channelized the data to the district control rooms from where the government machinery was attending to distress calls.	SURPRISE	0.5
MUMBAI: Three fire incidents were reported on Tuesday from across the city from the midnight till morning.	SURPRISE	1.0
He used to operate mostly at night," said a relative.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They were accommodated in 1,112 cyclone shelters.	OPTIMISM	1.0
They would be airlift the relief material from the air force station in Thanjavur.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Tomari Nuclear Power Station suffered a power outage but was cooling its fuel rods safely with emergency power, said Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga.	SURPRISE	1.0
The maximum temperature in Delhi is already 7 degrees above normal at 37 degrees, in line with the India Meteorological Department’s forecast of a searing summer, after 2016 remained the hottest year so far.	SURPRISE	1.0
If it does not rain before June 21 the holidays should be extended further,” said Samapika Das, a school teacher.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
According to railways, Ajmer-Jammu Tavi Express left Ajmer railway station around 3.43pm and control room got the information that three bogies - S2, S3 and S9 had derailed between Phulera and Jaipur.	SURPRISE	0.6
Meanwhile in Auckland, New Zealand, the Auckland Malyali Hindu Samajam has decided to do away with Onam celebrations and contribute money to rebuild the state that has been devastated due to floods.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The minimum temperature was recorded at 23.8 degrees Celsius, three notches below the normal, a Meteorological (MeT) department official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
But a few residents came back today and were inside the building when it collapsed," Jadeja said.	SURPRISE	1.0
Odisha: Two shutters of Upper Kolab dam in Koraput have been opened today following a rise in the water level.…	SURPRISE	0.7
No major loss has been reported so far due to the cyclone preparedness by Srikakulam district administration.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Day before yesterday, there was heavy rainfall in almost all districts of Kerala.	SADNESS	0.7
Roads were hit equally badly, with traffic cut off in large swathes of the hills.	SURPRISE	1.0
Anti-Maoist forces were at the spot and assisting the police and rescue personnel in extricating the bodies from four badly damaged sleeper coaches S-5, S-6, S-7 and S-8.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It broke ou… https://t.co/7JtJt5mWN3— ANI (@ANI) 1534156489000#UPDATE The fire which had broken out in the basement of Ashoka Hotel in Chanakyapuri is under control.	OPTIMISM	1.0
A guard stationed at the portal of the tunnel reported the incident to Strabag Afcons Joint Venture officials who are engaged in digging of the tunnel.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
First we had to locate him with help of avalanche probes (rods used to locate survivors under snow) in a vast area.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Avalanches near Rahni Nullah buried around 30 vehicles.	SURPRISE	1.0
The statement said, "After the incident on July 24 (an accident at St Thomas Mount which claimed five lives), to ensure the safety of passengers, it was decided to review all structures on fast lines between Chennai Egmore and Tambaram section keeping in view the footboard travelling and initiate the work to create additional safety margins, even beyond the mandatory requirement, to augment the safety of passengers."	OPTIMISM	0.4
Earlier, he was scheduled to take off in a helicopter at around 8 am on Saturday from ITBP helipad.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Rs 4 lakh will be paid to Kanda's family.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Hussain said that his group has coordinated with the state's health secretary to send volunteers from its medical faculty.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Maoist-backed People's Committee against Police Atrocities (PCPA) has claimed responsibility for the derailment of the train.	DISGUST	1.0
https://t.co/Zk1LYhkF8y— ANI (@ANI) 1537509178000 On Friday morning, Andhra power supply officials started enumerating minor losses to the electricity supply network due to winds at the Andhra and Odisha border of Srikakulam district.	SADNESS	0.7
They suspect short-circuit caused the blaze.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Twenty roads in Almora, Pithoragarh, Bageshwar and Champawat were covered with a thick blanket of snow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said the figure included around 46,000 children and 14,000 elderly Indonesians, many beyond urban areas that are the focus of government recovery efforts.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
https://t.co/chcDy32Ual— TOI Cities (@TOICitiesNews) 1537508912000 "The cyclonic storm over south Odisha and neighbourhood moved west-north-westwards during past six hours with a speed about 26 kmph and weakened into a deep Depression and lay centred over south-interior Odisha and neighbourhood, about 65 km east-southeast of Titlagarh (Odisha).	SURPRISE	0.5
Tokyo, Japan: An "unprecedented" heatwave in Japan has killed at least 65 people in one week, government officials said Tuesday, with the weather agency now classifying the record-breaking weather as a "natural disaster."	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"Everybody is still in a state of panic," he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
The minimum temperature on Wednesday was recorded at 29.6 degree Celsius, three notches above the season's average.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Around 20 houses were partially damaged at Khawbung village bordering Myanmar while the roof of a district hospital ward was blown away in Siaha district forcing the patients to take shelter in the corridor.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A medium-intensity earthquake hit Haryana's Jhajjar district and its tremors were also felt in the national capital, the National Centre for Seismology (NCS) said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Aviation regulator DGCA is, meanwhile, monitoring airfares for flights connecting flood-hit Kerala as this is a unique situation of 'humanitarian crisis', Civil Aviation Minister Suresh Prabhu said in the national capital.	OPTIMISM	0.6
The highway was opened to traffic on Monday after nine hours following heavy rains that triggered a similar situation, especially along the Ramban stretch of the nearly 300 km-long highway.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
TRICHY: Citizens and other individual associations continued to lend a helping hand to the flood-hit victims in Kerala by sending relief materials and offering monetary assistance.	OPTIMISM	0.7
Later this evening, I will be heading to Kerala to take stock of the unfortunate situation due to flooding.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
severe cold wave was declared in Khammam and Badrachalam while it is cold wave in Adilabad, Medak, Nizamabad and Karimnagar districts.	SURPRISE	1.0
We have kept calibration unit, aircraft and crew ready.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Considering the request from the Education Minister, several private schools in the city affiliated to other boards are considering to take measures due to the sudden heat wave.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Teams of rescuers from National Disaster Response Force (NDRF), rushed from Guwahati, were engaged in clearing the debris and looking for survivors trapped under heaps of rubble.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.9
80 dams opened, 324 lives lost and 223139 people are in about 1500+… https://t.co/vfarITzxxH— CMO Kerala (@CMOKerala) 1534507030000	SADNESS	0.9
The maximum temperature was recorded at 39° Celsius in Ranchi on Monday afternoon, over six notches above its normal average during this time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With the temperature touching 42oC on Wednesday, three degrees above normal, farmers in Terai region have raised concern about its detrimental effect on the sowing of kharif crops.	SURPRISE	1.0
passengers of the affected A2 coach were comforted by the intervention of railway authorities on war-footing.	OPTIMISM	0.4
This was the third train accident in Mathura district in this month.	SURPRISE	0.5
Considering the request from the Education Minister, several private schools in the city affiliated to other boards are considering to take measures due to the sudden heat wave.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A moderate intensity Earthquake shook parts of Jammu and Kashmir Wednesday morning and another rocked West Bengal, officials said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The next day, railway officials blamed “human error” for the accident and suspended station master Sukant Kumar and gateman Mohammad Yameen for not closing the gate.	ANGER	0.7
Also it has arranged a vehicle to carry us up to the airport to board the flight," Chandra Prabha, a resident of Borsilagaon in Morigaon district, said.	OPTIMISM	0.3
Three people died further north in Serang, while seven were killed in South Lampung, on Sumatra island.	SADNESS	1.0
All of the train's eight carriages had derailed and five had flipped onto their side at Xinma station, the railways administration said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The residents tried to put out the fire pouring by water and sand, while some residents informed fire and rescue personnel.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.7
Actor Deepika Padukone, who owns an apartment in the building, has tweeted about her well-being.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Scientists at IMD Ranchi hinted that the southwest monsoon's onset over the state was unlikely for another week.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With temperatures below the freezing point, people stayed indoors and found shelters to keep warm.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
If we don’t protect the region, landslides and flash floods will follow claiming livelihood and lives,” said Madhav Gadgil who headed the WGEEP panel.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.4
GANGTOK: At least 50 people, including 23 in Sikkim, have been killed in the powerful earthquake that triggered widespread landslides and road blockages making rescue work today more difficult in the worst-hit Himalayan state.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Those injured were in the general coaches of Beena-Katni-Chopan train that went off the track after a jerk at around 10.30 pm, said sources.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Several trains were delayed by at least two hours.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Landslides were reported in Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode, Malappuram and Idukki districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Live updates: Fire at Mumbai's Kamala Mills	SURPRISE	1.0
The railways has also urged social organizations to come forward to collect relief materials, including clothes, medicines, dry eatables and mineral water bottles for the needy people in Kerala.	OPTIMISM	0.7
A total of 1,311 houses were damaged in Tuesday's earthquake, Choudhury added.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
In addition, a WhatsApp group of naval officers’ wives also volunteered in who got in touch with the Navy officers on the mission to reach out to places which were very difficult to reach otherwise.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The maximum temperature of Thursday was 14.9 while the minimum was 7.2 (minimum temperature on Wednesday was 7.0).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As a result, the Gajraula-Bijnor-Najibabad track remained blocked for five hours.	SURPRISE	0.9
The railway administration, citing the fire department, said the 17 people died of cardiac arrest.	SADNESS	1.0
DEHRADUN: As the hill state is reeling under a severe heat wave that has gripped several parts of north India, doctors here have claimed that there has been a spurt in the cases of fever, diarrhoea and typhoid, especially in children.	SURPRISE	1.0
Vijayan said there have been demands from various quarters to declare the floods as a national calamity.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Traffic on Srinagar-Jammu national highway, which was suspended a day earlier as the 25-km stretch from Qazigund to the Jawahar tunnel was rendered unsafe by snowfall, resumed on Sunday.	SURPRISE	0.9
The fire brigade control room got a message at 8.32 am about the blaze on the 12th floor.	SURPRISE	0.5
According to sources, four wheels of the engine of the train derailed soon after it emerged from the artificial tunnel made for it as soon after it leaves its station.	SURPRISE	0.2
NEW DELHI: The Indian Railways on Tuesday suspended a senior section officer in-charge of tracks in connection with the November 24 derailment of the Vasco Da Gama Express which left three passengers dead.	SURPRISE	0.5
* Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday condoled the loss of lives in the train accident and directed officials to provide immediate assistance.	SADNESS	1.0
BHUBANESWAR: Three wagons of a goods train derailed on Monday at the Marshalling Yard of Khurda Road station near Bhubaneswar.	SURPRISE	0.4
A fresh red alert was issued onThursday in 13 of 14 districts.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The heatwave "is fatal, and we recognise it as a natural disaster," he told reporters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The SRC sought explanation from the school and said “You are called upon to explain as to why action shall not be initiated against you for wilful violation of the above order of the government issued to protect the lives of people in a threatening disaster situation.”	ANGER	1.0
NEW DELHI: The Indian Railways on Tuesday suspended a senior section officer in-charge of tracks in connection with the November 24 derailment of the Vasco Da Gama Express which left three passengers dead.	SURPRISE	0.5
Over 3.53 lakh people are in 3026 relief camps across the state after the rains savaged Kerala.	SADNESS	0.9
Firefighters reportedly had a tough time using the internal fire fighting equipment as they could not use their own fire engine/equipment etc.	SURPRISE	0.9
Macau suffered catastrophic flooding during Typhoon Hato last year, leading to accusations of corruption and incompetence at its meteorological office.	SADNESS	1.0
Then, when the assistant station master shouted the warning, I ran away in panic," he recounted.	SADNESS	0.7
Sounding haggard, Abe said saving lives was his government's top priority.	OPTIMISM	1.0
But bad weather and snow kept the helicopter grounded.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The majority of the dead are from the small rural town of Atsuma, where a cluster of dwellings were wrecked when a hillside collapsed from the force of the 6.6-magnitude quake, causing deep brown scars in the landscape.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
MUMBAI: A major fire broke out at a guest house near Premier Talkies in Parel on Monday evening.	SURPRISE	1.0
The Juma Masjid, located at Akampadam in Chaliyar village, has virtually turned a relief camp since the second spell of rains started to devastate the northern districts on August 8.	OPTIMISM	0.4
While the railway authorities are yet to confirm the number of injured persons, they said the passenger train (number 78408) hit the good train (BCN-DANKUNI) from behind.	SURPRISE	0.4
Most offices in state capital - private and government departments dealing with non-essential services - were closed besides educational institutions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
A total of 46 people, including 15 children, were killed by Cyclone Mahasen or while trying to flee its impact.	SADNESS	1.0
The Kerala government could have prevented it, but did not have the foresight to do so,” she said in a Facebook post.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
As per preliminary estimates, the state has so far suffered a loss of nearly Rs 20,000 crore.	SURPRISE	1.0
As for the Jnaneswari Express accident, the state government had gone for an inquiry because "the incident had a different dimension", Ghosh said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Cijimon says that though his house is on the Perumbavoor-Aluva route, thankfully his family members were saved from the flood that killed hundreds and damaged property worth crores.	OPTIMISM	0.4
The ship, ferrying naptha from Mundra in Gujarat to Colombo, caught fire in the evening, and the vessel lost its power and propulsion.	SURPRISE	1.0
A fire official received burn injuries on his hands and was taken to the Cooper Hospital for treatment, he said.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
"Thanks Hon.CM @Dev_Fadnavis for understanding the sense of urgency in this matter of fishermen reaching Devgad minor port, Maharashtra," she tweeted.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Over 80,000 persons, stranded in various places, were rescued today, of whom 71,000 were from one of the worst affected Aluva region of Ernakulam district.	OPTIMISM	0.8
There was no immediate report of any damage or casualty, officials said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Most government schools have re-opened from vacation over the last seven days.	SURPRISE	0.2
It soon spread to the Mojo pub one level below, and had engulfed the building in less than 30 minutes	SURPRISE	1.0
Tremors also felt in parts of West Bengal; visua…	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
While Daniel was declared dead, Benjeman was rescued in an injured condition and rushed to a hospital in Tangmang.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
A Vishnu temple at Venniyode in Wayanad and a shrine dedicated to Lord Ayyappa at Mannarkkad in Malappuram, inundated due to the floods, were cleaned by them.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Meanwhile, the National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC), headed by Cabinet Secretary Ajit Seth, reviewed the status of rescue and relief operations undertaken by different agencies of the government in different parts of Nepal.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There was no immediate report of any damage or casualty, officials said.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Station master of Mauzampur station, Jaipal Singh said, “The train was on its way to Lucknow.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Reports about damage, if any, were being ascertained, said officials.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The states most hit by the blizzard were Georgia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Maryland, Virginia, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and Kentucky, in addition to Washington DC, which has declared a "snow emergency."	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.8
The fire spread from the first floor to the second floor.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
He and four others — all Russian nationals — were skiing near Apharwat peak in Hapat Khud area, when they came under the avalanche, said divisional commissioner Basheer Ahmad.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
KOCHI: Most parts of Kerala were flooded following heavy non-stop rains for the past two days, displacing thousands of people and disrupting life to an extent never before witnessed in the state in living memory.	SURPRISE	0.4
The heat wave will return from Friday onwards and will continue till at least Monday, affecting Delhi along with north, central and east India, Met scientists told IANS.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
More than 80,000 people are presently lodged in relief camps and damage to crops and properties across the state is estimated to be over Rs 8,000 crore.	SADNESS	0.6
The track was restored at around 5.50 am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Reports of trees, electric poles getting uprooted and damages to kuchha houses were reported, officials said, adding that road communication in some places, including Gopalpur and Berhampur, was snapped.	SADNESS	1.0
He also emphasised the importance of building capacities at the city and district levels and involving communities.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
He said individuals and private entities can contribute for the Kerala flood victims subject to certain conditions.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
They are also charged IPC sections 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 338 (causing grievous hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others).	ANGER	1.0
SRINAGAR: A 26-year-old Swedish skier was killed while another was rescued when an avalanche hit a ski resort in Kashmir’s popular tourist destination Gulmarg on Thursday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
A call was received at 12.20 pm about the fire in the hotel's records kept in the basement and eight fire tenders were rushed to the spot, he said.	SURPRISE	0.6
The 70km long only surface link connecting Karnah with Kupwara usually remains closed for at least three months during winters due to heavy snowfall.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Idukki districts topped the zone-I list and yet maximum illegal buildings came up here.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
SHIMLA: About 50 IIT students on a trek in Himachal Pradesh's Lahaul valley were rescued by Indian Air Force helicopters while over 500 people remain stranded in other areas in Lahaul and Spiti district, officials said on Tuesday.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
At least 19 people were missing and 120 people were injured in Hokkaido after the magnitude 6.7 quake, it said.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
“Fog and haze will greatly hamper visibility.	SURPRISE	1.0
“This rain has happened at the right time.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Western Rajasthan reeled under intense cold, with Churu recording 1 degree Celsius, while the hill station of Mount Abu froze at sub-zero temperature.	SURPRISE	1.0
This includes doctors and paramedics being sent to relief camps.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The agency's head, Dwikorita Karnawati, later told MetroTV that the tsunami warning had ended.	OPTIMISM	1.0
Avalanches and landslides are common in the area during the winter and temperatures there can drop as low as minus 60 degrees celsius (140 degrees Fahrenheit).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Parents of many children claim that they have been told to either share beds with other kids or shift to private hospitals.	SURPRISE	1.0
- The heavens just let go:	NO-EMOTION	0.0
It was marginally cooler on Tuesday, but temperatures remained well above normal in most of the country, and little relief is forecast.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In Jammu, the weatherman has forecast dry weather for the next three days, indicating rise in the temperatures across the region.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
On the other hand, the IMD said that thunderstorm accompanied with gusty winds are very likely at isolated places over North Kerala, coastal Tamil Nadu, Puducherry, Karnataka, Lakshadweep, Haryana, Chandigarh, Delhi, Uttar Pradesh and east Rajasthan.	JOY	0.8
An AFP reporter at the scene said that more bodies were being brought out of the wrecked carriages.	SADNESS	1.0
PUNE: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned of possible heatwave conditions in roughly 25% of places in Madhya Maharashtra, which has 11 locations including Pune, on May 3 and 4.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Rescue operations are underway to take out the trapped passengers.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	0.7
According to the MeT department here, rains and thunderstorm are very likely at a few places over eastern Uttar Pradesh and at isolated places in western Uttar Pradesh on June 25 and 26.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
“With our earlier experience of handling Chennai floods, we volunteered to set up a call centre at Chennai using our Malayali volunteers,” member of advisory board of Bhoomika Trust in Chennai, Latha Subrahmaniam said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
India-born billionaire BR Shetty, chairman of Unimoni and UAE Exchange, had pledged Rs 2 crore.	OPTIMISM	0.5
They will fly to Kochi to do the ILS calibration.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In August, a series of major quakes killed over 500 people in the tourist island of Lombok and destroyed dozens of villages along its northern coast.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Bhopal however continued to have pleasant weather with the minimum temperature recorded at 11.4 degree Celsius on Tuesday.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In her first remarks, Banerjee screamed "sabotage" but later in the day, Union home ministry officials practically ruled that out, saying initial reports had no such indication.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
With their only bread winner dead, the family of Lal is now running from pillar to post for some breather from the government.	SADNESS	0.4
The surviving lead singer's wife is missing.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
Photos from the scene just south of the city of Luodong showed the train's eight cars in a zig-zag formation near the tracks, some on their sides.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Some residents had returned to the building today due to rains despite them AMC officials asking people to vacate their houses," said Ahmedabad Mayor Bijal Patel.	SURPRISE	0.8
The issue surfaced after the United Arab Emirates (UAE) government offered USD 100 million (around Rs 700 crore) for flood relief works in Kerala.	SURPRISE	0.8
While the ward is fully occupied in GDMCH, the situation is no different in the other district hospitals.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In both cases, relatives claimed they had succumbed to the cold.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The Hong Kong Observatory issued its strongest storm warning for 10 hours on Sunday, just slightly shorter than the record time of 11 hours set by Typhoon York in 1999, the South China Morning Post reported.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
In the week to Sunday at least 65 people died of heat stroke while 22,647 people were hospitalised, the Fire and Disaster Management Agency said in a statement.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Minister for disaster management relief rehabilitation and reconstruction Javaid Mustafa announced an ex-gratia of Rs4 lakh for each deceased from the state disaster response fund.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The impact of the low-pressure systems is now wearing off.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"The fire was confined to the electric wiring and office furniture of a medical store situated on the building's second floor," the official said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
This attracted the attention of the RPF personnel, who had boarded the train at Itarsi and were in B1 coach.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There has been negligence but it was never intentional or motivated."	NO-EMOTION	0.0
What caused the deluge are weather conditions that developed far away from the state - on India's east coast.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"That was not an authorized evacuation center," Palangdan said, but expressed sadness that the villagers, many of them poor miners, had few options to survive in a region where big corporations have profited immensely from gold mines.	SADNESS	1.0
Accident Relief Train was rushed to the spot and the obstruction was cleared from both Bengaluru and Gadag line by evening,” they added.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
(TOI photo by Jayanta Gupta) It was immediately realized that an accident relief train would not be able to restore the damage as the wagons had derailed and capsized (turned on their sides).	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The incident occurred at 1:30am when the train was running between Khemasoli and Sardiya stations, about 135 km from Jhargram, south eastern railway officials said.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Two unidentified street-beggars were suspected to have died of cold in Ambala.	SADNESS	1.0
Blog: Learn life saving drills/techniques for your and others’ safety	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"We could not attend the stall made for showcasing our products because of the surge in flood waters.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Although people did tried basking in the bright sunshine, but the same was ineffective.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Minimum in Chandigarh settled at 5 degrees Celsius, even as freezing cold swept throughout the day.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
State television broadcaster CGTN reported that surging waves flooded a seaside hotel in the city of Shenzhen.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"Instability of the slope of an active volcano can create a rock slide that moves a large volume of water, creating local tsunami waves that can be very powerful.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The minister has ordered RTC officials to conduct an inquiry into the matter to ensure that such incidents do not occur again.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Many shared the photos of the Muslim men cleaning the temples on social media.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Although relatively rare, submarine volcanic eruptions can cause tsunamis due to the sudden displacement of water or slope failure, according to the International Tsunami Information Centre.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
There was hardly any let up on Friday either, with the state getting more than five times its normal rain.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Jadeja said it was likely that 8-10 people were trapped under the debris but added that the exact number of those trapped was still not known.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
The depleting water level in the region will also affect farming activities.”	SADNESS	1.0
According to the Bhubaneswar MeT centre, Balasore received 116.8mm of rainfall, Paradip received 110.9mm of rainfall and Gopalpur received 97.7mm.	SURPRISE	1.0
A 58-year-old farmer, Pyarelal Ahirwar was found dead in his farm in Mudara village of Tikamgarh on Tuesday morning.	SADNESS	1.0
Disaster officials have not said how many people they believe are buried beneath the ruins of the Jabal Nur mosque in Lading-Lading but the village head, Budhiawan, said about 30 based on unclaimed belongings left outside the mosque.	FEAR/ANXIETY	1.0
"I couldn't sleep last night, I saw the typhoon on television and how intense it was," said 55-year-old Chan Yau Lok.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Naxals had blown up a civilian bus in Dantewada district of Chhattisgarh on May 17, killing at least 36 people, including 12 Special Police Officers.	ANGER	1.0
Patnaik, who made an aerial survey of the cyclone-hit areas of Ganjam, Gajapati and Rayagada districts, said a family of four will be assisted with around Rs 3,000 as relief.	OPTIMISM	0.8
BHUBANESWAR: After unverified reports suggested that 21 people have died in Odisha in the aftermath of Cyclone Titli, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday offered condolences to the families of those who lost their lives.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
Indonesia is prone to earthquakes due to its location on the Pacific ``Ring of Fire,'' an arc of volcanoes and fault lines in the Pacific Basin.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The peak was already covered with snow and due to fresh layer of snow it became unstable.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Railway Protection Force personnel and locals were the first to start rescue operations.	SADNESS	0.5
Chamba district administration has launched an rescue operation by sending a team comprising personnel from police, mountaineering institute and locals.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
The state of Kerala has so far received 37.5% excess rainfall in just two and a half months since the southwest monsoon made landfall in May-end, whereas in the entire four-month monsoon period in 2013, the last time the state witnessed such heavy rains, the excess was 37%.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Superintendent of Bijnor railway station, Arvind Kumar said, “The coaches derailed because of the driver’s laxity, who was dozing during the shunting.	ANGER	0.7
The warning stands for 24 hours in northern Telangana.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
"I prayed for the victims and I also pray for the safety of the people who live in the tsunami affected area," Dadan Suryana, a tsunami survivor, told AFP.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
A team of technical team rushed to the spot and rerailed the engine around 9.30am.	NO-EMOTION	0.0
Teams of the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and the local fire brigade were deployed to rescue people from the debris of the two blocks, each four-storeyed, said Minister of State for Home Pradipsinh Jadeja.	SADNESS	1.0
"Army's avalanche rescue team of Nasta Chhun Pass immediately sprang into action in the wake of harsh weather conditions, snow blizzard and zero visibility.	FEAR/ANXIETY	0.6
Of the injured 33 were in serious condition and admitted to different hospitals in Manipur, including the state-run RIIMS and JNIMS, while the rest were discharged after first aid.	SYMPATHY/PENSIVENESS	1.0
